28 @-@ year @-@ old cook found dead in San Francisco Mall
A 28 @-@ year @-@ old chef who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the staircase of a local shopping center .
The victim &apos;s brother said that he could not imagine anyone wanting to harm him ; &quot; At last , he was climbing again . &quot;
The body found on Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall was identified as the 28 @-@ year @-@ old Frank Galicia from San Francisco , informed the forensic department in San Francisco .
The San Francisco Police Department said that death was classified as murder and that the investigation is ongoing .
The victim &apos;s brother , Louis Galicia , told ABS channel KGO in San Francisco that Frank , who had previously worked as a chef in Boston , had obtained his dream job six months ago as a chef at Sons &amp; Daughters Restaurant in San Francisco .
A Sons &amp; Daughters spokesman said they were &quot; shocked and destroyed on the ground &quot; by his death .
&quot; We are a small team that works like a close family and we will sorely miss him , &quot; the speaker continued .
Our thoughts and condolences are with Franks family and friends at this difficult time .
Louis Galicia stated that Frank first lived in hostels , but that &quot; things were finally going up for him . &quot;
&quot; He found an apartment , he had a friend , &quot; Louis Garcia told KGO .
Louis Galicia said he could not imagine anyone wanting to harm his younger brother .
He was a kind person with a big heart .
His way of connecting with his family was to always cook something for us , to prepare dinner for us , &quot; said Louis Galicia .
He never wanted to take part in any kind of confrontation .
He was the brother who floated with the stream .
&quot; In everything that goes wrong in the world , he was that uncut diamond that shone bright every day , &quot; he said .
If you have any information about the case , please call the SFPD &apos;s sign phone at 415 @-@ 575 @-@ 4444 .
Jennifer Aniston : I am always put in drawers .
Jennifer Aniston doesn &apos;t always have to be perfect or successful .
The Hollywood star has now made that abundantly clear in an interview .
&quot; I am always put in drawers or stuck on labels from the outside , which usually have little to do with me and reality . &quot;
&quot; I myself do not always wish to be perfect and successful . &quot;
&apos;Frankly , I am rather fed up with these things . &apos;
Jennifer Aniston ( 47 ) can only laugh at being considered &quot; Miss Perfect , &quot; as she explains in the current &quot; Cosmopolitan . &quot;
According to the magazine , the actress prefers to spend her time at home in front of a television set with loose duct and Mexican food .
To the white light she brings the question of the desire to have children : &quot; We women do not have to be married or have children to be perfect , &quot; says the Hollywood star .
In her new film &quot; Mother &apos;s Day - Love is not a child &apos;s play &quot; Aniston can be seen as a single mother of two sons .
The film will be shown on our site from August 25th .
Golfer Langer Receives the Sports Pyramid
His experience on the horse is clear .
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa Bernhard Langer and some colleagues were looking for a change with a horse ride on the beach .
It was a first for the 58 @-@ year @-@ old .
CHIO : &quot; Golden Sports Pyramid &quot; for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes , the horses remembered their evening at work , chasing home at a fast gallop to the feeding troughs .
One kilometre at this pace , I was afraid .
&quot; It was not a good experience , &quot; Langer says .
And with that the riding career ended again .
On Saturday , Germany &apos;s best golfer of all time - 101 tournament victories - was once again near horses .
He and his family were guided over the grounds of the ALRV , and he did not even swing on a horse for photo purposes .
Langer was in Aachen for the first time and therefore also at the CHIO .
The reason was quite convincing .
The German sports aid presented the man from Anhausen with the Golden Sports Pyramid in the form of a small gala .
There is no shortage of awards for the likeable athlete .
Federal Cross of Merit , Silver Laurel Leaf , Champions Tour Player of the Year ...
Even the British Queen has already reproached him .
Langer is the 18th winner of the sports pyramid .
On Saturday , he met the first prize winner , Hans Günter Winkler , in Aachen .
&quot; This award means a lot to me , &quot; says Langer , &quot; because it is awarded not only for sporting success , but also for social commitment . &quot;
Langer has been supporting young talent for decades .
And so he immediately passed on the prize money of 25,000 euros .
With 15 other outstanding athletes , the double US champion was admitted on Saturday to the &quot; Hall of Fame of German Sports . &quot;
The winners are the track and field champions Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt , the Torner Eberhard Gienger , the fenders Cornelia Hanisch , Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt , the rower Peter @-@ Michael Kolbe , Bob driver Meinhard Nehmer , the judoka Frank Wieneke , the jumper Alwin Shockemöhle and posthumously the handball player Erhard Wunderlich .
Many of these sports legends had come to Aachen on Saturday .
After the official part , the illustrious company moved to the Springstadion , where the Lavazza Prize was awarded .
Bernhard Langer kept distance from the big animals .
Clinton and Trump &apos;s Economic Policy Compared : It &apos;s all about the money
Investing in infrastructure and preventing the TTP trade deal - that is what both Clinton and Trump want .
However , the two US presidential candidates are divided on tax and energy policy and on a fundamental issue .
Underlying the differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton is a fundamental , rather philosophical difference .
The , about the role of the state .
Trump wants to keep them rather small when in doubt , and warns about how government can harm the economy - with taxes and regulations .
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate it to death , he says .
He himself would be very different , Trump claims .
He will roll back regulations massively , and he will push for far @-@ reaching tax reform , with lower tax rates - for individuals and for businesses .
Clinton , on the other hand , says that the state has certain tasks to perform , that it has opportunities for the disadvantaged and needs money to do so .
That is why taxes on the rich would be raised , she says .
Interestingly , both are very close on the subject of infrastructure .
Trump and Clinton say that we need to invest in them almost word for word .
The Democratic candidate even announces the biggest investment in new jobs since the Second World War .
Government infrastructure investment programs are classic democratic policies , and are strongly opposed by , say , the Republicans &quot; anti @-@ state Tea Party wing .
So Trump may yet face intra @-@ party discussions .
The differences in energy and climate policy are more striking .
Trump wants to build coal @-@ fired power plants and restart coal production in the US .
Oil production is also to be possible in previously protected areas , and he wants to terminate the Paris agreement on climate change .
Clinton , by contrast , explicitly wants to expand renewable energy with her investment program , calling for , &quot; One country will become the clean energy superpower and create millions of jobs . &quot;
&quot; It will probably be either China , Germany or America - I want us to be . &quot;
But not only in infrastructure , but also in international trade agreements , the two competitors are not too far apart .
TPP , the Trans @-@ Pacific Trade Agreement , does not want to sign either .
At the same time , they do not want to isolate the US from international trade - but simply to protect American jobs better .
Clinton , for example , is calling for them to be better paid .
The current minimum wage of $ 7.25 is a pittance .
She wants to raise it to $ 15 an hour .
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not entirely clear : first he says the minimum wage must go up , then he says it must not be changed .
But the big discussion in the coming months is more likely to revolve around the two camps &quot; tax policies .
On one side stands Trump , who wants to ease the burden on business and citizens in order to boost growth .
His critics reproach him for only increasing the budget deficit .
On the other side stands Clinton , who wants at least the rich to pay more taxes and whose critics say : more taxes are not the answer , either .
Escape : &apos; Every woman who has fled has experience of sexual violence &apos; .
Sexual violence is almost a part of everyday life for women fleeing on their own .
When they arrive in Germany , they are often traumatized .
A house offers refuge .
Four women sit in a large kitchen .
Each has a baby of at most one year old .
One put her little son in her arms .
He takes a curious look at the room with large eyes .
His mother gazes at the table top .
Until she realizes that she is being watched .
She smile briefly and kisses the little one .
The scene appears normal .
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr .
She is chief executive officer of Condrobs , a social assistance provider in Bavaria , and deals , among other things , with the issue of women on the run .
The four women in the kitchen are poultry .
They live in the north of Munich in one of the few decentralized accommodation facilities for single women and their children in Bavaria .
In January , Condrobs opened the facility together with Pro Familia and Munich &apos;s Women &apos;s Relief .
It has just been officially opened .
60 people live there - about 40 women and 20 children .
There are no men - not even as visitors .
The exception is a guard on the doorstep .
&quot; It is no exaggeration to say that every woman who arrives here has had experiences of sexual violence in her flight , &quot; says Bahr .
&quot; Men are fleeing wars because of political persecution , because they are threatened with torture or death , or because their families send them to Europe as bearers of hope , &quot; she says .
In the case of women , other reasons for flight predominate : &quot; Many steal from them secretly because they see no other way out . &quot;
In their homeland , they have experienced sexual violence , forced marriages , honour killings , slavery or forced prostitution .
That is what drives them on .
On the run that continues .
&quot; It is not uncommon for smugglers to demand a sexual act for a bottle of water , for example , &quot; says Bahr .
And women are alone , they are not protected by their families .
Who thinks that the end is wrong as soon as they arrive in Germany , tells Bahr .
Here , too , single women in refugee camps would often be seen as inferior and , at worst , abused .
As a result , about 90 % of women living in the housing in the north of Munich are traumatised , she estimates .
&quot; Some of the children were certainly not born voluntarily . &quot;
Many women are so used to saying nothing .
&quot; Or they dare not speak openly about what happened , because the shame is too great . &quot;
Since they often couldn &apos;t help each other , they need more accommodation just for them , Bahr demands .
In Bavaria , the seven district governments are responsible for housing refugees .
When asked whether they knew of a project in their area of competence similar to the one in Munich , some say no .
In the Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia , for example , there is no such thing in government accommodation .
According to Karl @-@ Heinz Meyer , press spokesman for the government , women who have fled alone are not accommodated separately in Swabia either .
In Upper Bavaria , Lower Franconia and Central Franconia , there are some shared accommodation floors or houses only for single women and their children .
The exception is Lower Bavaria , where there are two central lodgings exclusively for women .
The Committee on Women &apos;s Rights and Gender Equality in the European Parliament is also calling for women to be placed separately from men .
A study published for the committee said : &apos; It is very important that men and women are accommodated separately &apos; .
&apos;If there is no privacy , or if men and women are accommodated together , violence against women can occur - on an ongoing basis . &apos;
The study states that washrooms in particular should be separate and easily accessible to women .
The extent to which women feel this need for protection can be seen from the rush to the house in Munich .
&quot; We have had a long waiting list ever since the rumour spread that we have it , &quot; says Bahr .
It would be easy to open a second house .
Assistant doctors strike : demands for new industrial action
Deputy junior doctors have called on their union to approve new industrial action in their disputes over a new contract .
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) has called on its entire council to approve more industrial action measures from the beginning of September .
The JDC said that ministers had failed to address concerns about the treaty .
Assistant doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract that was agreed with the BMA .
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the elections .
In a letter to members published on Twitter on Thursday evening , JDC Chairman Ellen McCourt said that the government had remained &quot; tenaciously quiet &quot; about problems , causing the treaty to be rejected .
She said : &apos; In view of this , the JDC Board has voted to reject the proposed new treaty outright and has called for official renegotiations on all your concerns . &apos;
In response to the government &apos;s silence , the JDC Board of Directors has today formally requested a special meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing program of escalating industrial action , beginning in early September .
The disputes caused junior doctors to strike six times this year , the first total loss in the history of the NHS .
Dr. Johann Malawana , Head of the BMA Assistant Doctors , resigned after the election to reject the agreed contract terms recommended by the BMA .
He informed BMA members during the sessions prior to the vote by 54,000 junior doctors and medical students that the contract was beneficial and should be adopted .
After the vote , Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said that the contract would be enforced on doctors in England .
Russia and Turkey : An &quot; Alliance of Outsiders &quot; ?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis .
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and announce an official end to the eight @-@ month war of words and economic sanctions .
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gold @-@ plated hall of the St. Petersburg Palace , I cannot help thinking that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most .
There was the handshake , yes .
But Putin &apos;s smile looked narrow , and he radiated little warmth , even for his modest circumstances .
Recep Tayyip Erdogan , on the other hand , spoke repeatedly of his &quot; dear friend &quot; Putin - as many as five times , according to one report .
I couldn &apos;t count it anymore .
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their pre @-@ crisis levels , but will even improve .
The next day , a newspaper wrote that Erdogan had behaved as if nothing bad had ever happened .
Rather , his enthusiasm seemed to me to suggest the opposite .
But a sustainable chill radiating from Putin showed that Russia &apos;s leader had forgotten nothing .
Indeed , the cause of the crisis was the first he mentioned in his opening remarks : Turkey &apos;s downing of a Russian warplane on Syria &apos;s border .
Moscow &apos;s reaction at the time was furious .
Putin parted out and accused Ankara of stabbing Russia in the back .
The offence was even greater because it was committed by a supposed friend .
Rebuilding trust will be difficult , if not impossible .
Russian public opinion has changed since November .
For months , the state @-@ controlled media carried out a vigorous , unrestricted attack on Ankara .
All of a sudden , it seemed that the Turks were responsible for everything .
Most seriously , senior officials have accused Erdogan &apos;s own family of benefiting from the illegal oil trade in areas of Syria controlled by the Islamic State .
He has vigorously denied this .
But in St Petersburg , the official message was that it was time to look forward .
After all , this meeting took place only because President Erdogan offered Putin the apology he wanted to hear .
Russia has achieved a kind of victory .
For Ankara , the benefits of a cease @-@ fire are clear .
Erdogan needs , first and foremost , all the friends he can get after he was almost impeached in a failed coup last month .
He has also been shocked by repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey .
But there are also economic motives .
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - in particular , the ban on charter flights , which typically bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year .
The number has fallen by almost 90 % .
In Russia , tour operators and charter companies will be made easier when flights resume .
They are counting on a late @-@ season rush to the Mediterranean .
State television this week predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are allowed again .
As one report in Vedemosti put it , &apos; tourists there long , tomatoes here long &apos; .
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow .
Ankara is angry with the West because it sees its response to the attempted takeover as a weak response .
Add to that persistent resentment at the snail &apos;s pace of EU accession negotiations , and Putin - eager to take advantage of the cool mood and downgrade Turkey &apos;s relationship with the West .
The Russian leader certainly won a bonus in Ankara for calling for support for the elected authorities after the attempted coup .
This goes without saying in Moscow , which itself is deeply afraid of regime change .
The summit meeting in this shining palace by the sea allowed Russia and Turkey to portray what one analyst once described to me as an &quot; alliance of outsiders &quot; : two countries that feel alienated by the West , badly treated , and now allied .
However , despite the public reconciliation , there are still major differences between the two .
The biggest difference is Syria , where Moscow recently gave itself the role of peacemaker , but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides .
It could be significant that , after almost three hours of initial talks , both presidents said at the press conference that they had not even touched on the issue .
Turkey &apos;s president deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences , while Putin chose to emphasize them .
There is no clear consensus on where to find common ground on Syria .
But , after months of outright hostilities - and given the potential for complete disaster when NATO member Turkey shot down the Russian jet - it is surely better that the two leaders at least talk to each other again .
Royal Bank of Scotland no longer available to customers outside Scotland
According to the CEO of the Bank , the RBS brand is to be reduced to a back @-@ office role .
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland .
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank &apos;s global ambitions .
The Bank has distanced itself ever since , when it nearly collapsed and had to be rescued eight years ago .
During this time , brand strategists have used &quot; RBS &quot; to protect other consumer financial brands .
She sponsored international sport with millions of pounds , from Six Nations Rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray .
But now it has decided to focus on more national brands .
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be available only to customers in Scotland , but will not be initialised .
In England and Wales , all RSB references , headquarters and stock exchange listing will change to NatWest .
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
There are other , smaller retail brands that will become more important - Coutts , Adam &amp; Co , Drummond and Holt &apos;s Military Bank .
McEwan was interviewed by customers and employees during a tour in Inverness @-@ shire .
He told BBC Scotland : &quot; The RSB brand will become our investor brand and the brand under which our employees will be employed , as we will now become more of a trademark bank . &quot;
When the bank itself became a global brand , RBS became a global brand .
What I am saying now is that we are not pursuing global goals , but local ones .
Each of these brands will stand for something completely different in their own communities and our employees will work with customers under these brands .
RBS has already stated that it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the visibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship .
&quot; It is time for us to become the bank of brands , because how do we focus internally ( we have asked ) on making this a better bank for customers ? &quot; said the CEO .
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we were going to be a great bank for our customers and we had launched these brands .
But with our work , our focus on customer needs and not our own , I think many changes will be seen .
We can relaunch these brands , so I think the time has come .
Frankie Dettori achieves on Predilection his 3,000 profit at Newmarket .
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket , which brings him 3,000 profit .
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000 British win at Newmarket on Friday .
He set a milestone on Predilection , which is trained by John Gosden , on his local circuit with his second win of the night .
The 45 @-@ year @-@ old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in the flat race .
He will be succeeded by Sir Gordon Richards , Doug Smith , Lester Piggott , Pat Eddry and Willie Carson .
The three @-@ time winner , Dettori , who previously won on Ghayyar , said , &quot; It &apos;s something special . &quot;
I am very emotional because my family is here as well .
I am very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I arrived here 30 years ago .
It is not a big meeting , it is not Royal Ascot - it is a banal Friday evening with 20,000 people .
I am relief and very modest .
Dettori takes up the rejoicing when he wins on Predilection .
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race - Jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20 @-@ time winner Sir Anthony McCoy , who scored more than 4,300 wins in a record @-@ breaking career .
Lester Piggott , the nine @-@ time Derby winner , had 4,493 career wins .
Frankie is one of the best jockey of modern times and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone , which few before him have reached .
He has style and strength , but it is his tactical intellect that sets him apart from the others in the weight control room .
He is a fantastic ambassador for races , his enthusiasm and charisma has been inspiring fans for years for this sport .
I said to Frankie a couple of weeks ago at Epsom that he would have won 6,000 if he had not just been a weekend and major tournament jockey !
Frankie has been riding winners in the UK for almost 30 years , which is great .
He has a lively personality , which is good for a British race , but beyond that he is an incredible jockey .
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount .
From Flying Finishes to Flying Dismounts , Frankie Dettori has been the flagship of British flat racing for two decades .
It was nervous .
A whole series of major tournament wins , including his famous &quot; Glorious Seven &quot; in Ascot in 1996 , but he also survived a plane crash and was banned from drugs .
Three years ago , he was initially struggling when he returned from his six @-@ month suspension , but he showed an impressive characteristic strength to defy his doubters and return to his best form .
And he &apos;s far from over - Dettori once said that he wants to continue in competitions until he &apos;s at least 50 years old .
Russia &apos;s Putin fires Chief of Staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly fired his chief of staff , Sergei Ivanov .
For many years , Ivanov was part of Putin &apos;s closest circle of trust .
The 63 @-@ year @-@ old has been appointed Special Representative for Environmental and Transport Affairs .
According to a Kremlin statement , Putin has &quot; ordered Ivanov &apos;s release from his duties as head of Russia &apos;s presidential administration , without giving any reason . &quot;
Anton Vaino , who has been Ivanov &apos;s deputy since 2012 , has been appointed his successor .
Vaino , 44 , is a former diplomat .
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972 , he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute for International Relations ( MGIMO ) and worked in the Embassy in Tokyo .
The Kremlin &apos;s Web site says ( in Russian ) that he was later chief of protocol and chief of staff of the administration .
About his appointment , he said to Putin : &quot; Thank you for your trust . &quot;
I think that the most important task of the government is to support your work as Head of State on draft laws and controls to implement your instructions .
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and had recommended Vaino as his successor .
Are the smiling faces convincing ?
That move has shrouded Moscow in secrecy .
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin &apos;s closest confidants and , like him , works for the Soviet secret service , the KGB .
As chief of staff , he was one of the country &apos;s most powerful men .
In a televised meeting with President Putin , both men claimed that the chief of staff resigned at his own request .
But , despite the smile on the cameras , few here are convinced - especially now , just before the general election .
So is this the result of some kind of power struggle ?
Nobody knows that at the moment .
But the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president would suddenly want to guide Russian environmental policy - was met with great skepticism .
In his remarks to Putin , quoted on the Kremlin &apos;s Web site , Ivanov said , &quot; It is true that in early 2012 , in a conversation , I asked you to entrust me with this very complicated post - one might almost say - for four years .
As it turns out , I have been chairman of Russia &apos;s presidential administration for four years and eight months .
Ivanov accepted the post in December 2011 .
He was previously Deputy Prime Minister and Defence Minister .
He is a member of Russia &apos;s Security Council and , like Putin , a former member of the KGB State Security Service .
In the late 1990 &quot; s , when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , which replaced the KGB , Ivanov was appointed as his proxy .
When Putin came to power , he named Ivanov as one of five people he trusted the most .
It was once thought that Ivanov might become President of Russia after Putin &apos;s second term , because a third Putin term would have violated the constitution .
But that post was taken by another of Putin &apos;s close allies , Dmitry Medvedev .
Putin became Prime Minister before he became President again three and a half years later .
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after beating producers
Gibson was involved in a physical confrontation on the set of the series in Los Angeles last month .
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios , which produce the series , announced in a joint statement its cancellation .
Gibson , who played the Special Agent Aaron Hotchner , apologized publicly on Thursday before the announcement of his termination .
On the set , there were artistic differences and a difference of opinion .
I regret the incident , &quot; he said in a message .
According to ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios , details of how Gibson &apos;s character will be released from the series that follows a team of FBI agents are expected to be released at a later date .
The 54 @-@ year @-@ old , who previously played in the Sitcom Dharma &amp; Greg , has been with the series since its first season in 2005 .
&quot; I love Criminal Minds and have put all my heart and soul into it for the past twelve years , &quot; said Gibson in a message published on Friday .
I had hoped to be there until the end , but that will not be possible now .
I would just like to thank the authors , producers , actors , our wonderful crew and , above all , the best fans you could wish for a series .
The planned broadcast of the twelfth season is scheduled for 28 September .
Enigma about fish landed in Banff Gardens
A resident of Banff asked for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff .
Kevin Bain thinks that the 75 fish could be sand eels that were spilt by a spring .
Mr Bain , who lives about 500 metres from the sea , published a video of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope that someone could shed some light on the appearance of the two @-@ inch long fish .
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now linked to Fife .
The £ 1.35 billion project is due to be completed by May 2017 .
Engineers have linked the north deck of the Queensferry Crossings to the viaduct - meaning that the bridge is now connected to Fife .
It is the first of four &quot; roof blower &quot; closures approaching completion around each of the bridge &apos;s three towers .
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30 000 tonnes .
It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete as well as 46 inclined cables .
The £ 1.35 billion project is due to be completed by May 2017 .
Economics Minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was one of the first to walk from the land to the bridge .
He said : &apos; This is an historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry crossing .
We are all witnesses to a truly epic level of engineering in this project , with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used for this part of the bridge alone .
Despite the bridge &apos;s massive size and weight , the completion of the closure between the viaduct and bridge bridge end is a delicate activity requiring extremely precise fit tolerances .
In total , almost 79 % of all bridge decks are in their place , and the last section of the deck gets concrete casting for the deck in Rosyth today , which means that the entire deck is ready to be raised to its place on the bridge .
Michael Martin , project manager of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors , said : &quot; The first closure represents a significant milestone in any bridge project .
In this fantastic project , the shutter represents forward @-@ looking civil engineering and civil engineering .
After installing the last section of the road and connecting it to the northern tower deck under construction , we then had to close the remaining gap on the north or land side .
This was achieved by pulling the northern feeder bridge 700 millimetres south .
This has been a massive and , at the same time , very sensitive activity .
It is massive , because the viaduct is 222 metres long , weighs about 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled upwards with an incline of about 3 % .
Difficult because the tolerances the team was working towards were tiny - they were only a few millimetres on each side .
Fortunately , everything went very well .
Rescue in Moelfre Bay : Three men are &quot; lucky to be alive . &quot;
Three men are &quot; lucky to be alive &quot; after being thrown by their fishing boat off Anglesey .
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station sounded the alarm on Friday at 13 : 20 BST after a crew was watching the event in Moelfre Bay .
The three men found it difficult to swim safely as their boat moved on by their own efforts .
&quot; We saw the boat turn around near her and imagined the worst , &quot; said the head of the rescue station at Moelfre Vince Jones .
&quot; Fortunately , the strong winds have already blown the boat out of its range by the time we let it go to water , &quot; he added .
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat , while the third man , aged 60 , was exhausted and found hanging on a buoy without a life jacket .
They all came on board the coastal rescue boat and were taken back to the rescue station .
Mr Jones said : &apos; The three men who have been thrown into the water are lucky to be uninjured and alive .
The boat engine had an emergency stop point , but when the boat capsized , it detached itself from the person who was steering the boat .
Someone has watched over these men today .
Serious injury - Man stabs his ex @-@ girlfriend
A man has knifed his ex @-@ girlfriend in Hamburg @-@ Harburg and seriously injured him .
According to the police yesterday , the 50 @-@ year @-@ old had been given the key to the apartment to pick up his personal things .
Instead , the alcoholic perpetrator cut the clothing of his ex @-@ girlfriend .
When she came into the apartment , he stoked on her twice .
The 44 @-@ year @-@ old was injured on the hand and body .
The police were able to arrest the perpetrator .
While the 50 @-@ year @-@ old was destroying his ex @-@ girlfriend &apos;s clothes , he phoned his mother .
She then alerted his sister .
Together with her partner , the 45 @-@ year @-@ old wanted to reassure her brother .
But she could not get him to leave the flat .
That &apos;s why she went out of the house with her partner .
They met the man &apos;s ex @-@ partner on the street .
When the two women entered the flat again , the 50 @-@ year @-@ old pushed his sister to the side and attacked his ex @-@ girlfriend .
Who is building Braunschweig &apos;s affordable apartments ?
The SPD and the Greens believe that investors should be made much more responsible in future .
How do we respond to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap homes in the next few years ?
The SPD proposes a &quot; concept of action on housing &quot; at the next Council meeting .
But disputes are inevitable .
First and foremost , there is the question of who should actually build the cheap housing .
There is no regulation as yet .
The Chairman of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , Christoph Bratmann , says : &quot; We agree with the Greens that anyone who wants to build on urban areas must in future designate 20 % of all homes as social housing . &quot;
The low @-@ cost apartments , however , can also be created in existing buildings .
The big point of contention in the town hall , however , according to Bratmann , is : &quot; How to deal with investors who want to build on private land ? &quot;
&quot; We want investors to build at least 10 % , but as many as 20 % , of homes as possible as social housing on such land . &quot;
A new urban housing support programme , which will cost millions and has yet to be funded , is intended to provide incentives .
The problem , says Bratmann : &quot; There is as yet no agreement between the groups . &quot;
The CDU wants to give investors as few rules as possible .
The left wants even tougher conditions for investors .
Despite this , Bratmann said , the housing market is about to get worse .
If the concept of action is implemented , it will create additional tasks in the construction administration .
More staff are needed .
It is unclear whether we will get the professionals .
But the programme is not yet complete : the 1260 new homes that were supposed to be built anyway .
But how do we compensate for the loss of another 1300 or so cheap homes that will be phased out in the next few years ?
By 2020 alone , there will be 500 apartments .
In order to prevent this , planning spokeswoman Nicole Palm argues , ties that are running out should now be purchased by the city .
Consideration would also have to be given to bringing homes back into price fixing .
That is possible in the West City .
At a stroke , the problem could be solved .
In the western city , deadlines expire at the end of the year .
Approximately 1800 apartments could be reclaimed there in the price fixing for low @-@ cost apartments .
The only thing is that the owners , the housing companies , do not want that .
If the number of social housing in the western city were to rise dramatically again , we would be moving away from the goal of so @-@ called mixing .
There will no longer be a concentration of the socially disadvantaged in just a few districts .
The Greens expect there to be further movement in the discussion .
Group chairman Holger Herlitschke says : &quot; For a broad majority , the CDU must be on board . &quot;
It concentrated on more building sites for single family homes .
That does not mean , however , that a compromise cannot be reached after all .
Pokémon Go , a pursuit of health and happiness that pays off .
It is fascinating to watch the world change .
Many people have complained over the last decade that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play , but rather prefer to spend their free time watching television .
Pokemon Go is all about getting people off the sofa and making them more active .
Time on the screen was initially limited to the television , then to video games , and finally to smart phones .
So it is great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive .
I refer , of course , to the Pokémon Go delusion , an app based on the characters first created for the video games in the 1990s ( later to become a cartoon series , game cards and other spin @-@ offs ) .
Like many pop @-@ culture phenomena , interest fell somewhat before the game was released in the US , Australia , and New Zealand in early July .
The launch in other countries was postponed due to the massive demand that overloaded the servers .
Within days , Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter .
How does it work ?
In short , players go outside with their smartphones looking for pokémons that can be tracked with a GPS and , once found , &quot; photographed &quot; ( via a screenshot on their mobile phone ) or &quot; captured . &quot;
A generation that played the game when it was younger joined the madness and jumped off the sofa in search of it .
In the US , the game led to a significant increase in the number of steps the &quot; average &quot; person takes every day .
Cardiogram , an Apple Watch app tracking 35,000 users , recently told The Washington Post that within two days of the game &apos;s launch , the number of people tracked each day training for 30 minutes increased from 45 % to 53 % .
The company doesn &apos;t know which of them plays Pokémon Go - it only sees the raw data to improve performance .
Many public education campaigns on health aimed at getting people to &quot; take 30 minutes , &quot; &quot; come off the sofa , &quot; and &quot; be active every day &quot; fell on deaf ears , because many public health messages are boring and come from people who look miserable .
Nevertheless , the importance of sport cannot be overstated .
Those who regularly exercise reduce their chances of developing cancer or depression .
Physical activity helps with weight control , high blood pressure , diabetes , and a long list of benefits that is too long to list here .
But the wonderful thing about Pokémon Go is that it makes people do something in the open air that makes them enjoy it .
Thus , three pillars of health are covered - exercise , fresh air and sunshine , and fun .
Some people even make new friends while hunting .
As always , there are also gruesome spoilers who always have to complain about something .
And yes , someone could walk against a door .
What &apos;s up ?
There has been a breakthrough .
Even if smartphone apps like Fitbit were able to track our activity before , they gave us no reason to play sports as this game does .
What is new will lose its allure and use will wane over time .
As a result of Pokemon &apos;s success , however , there will be more games that combine apps and virtual reality with being active in the real world , helping many people hunt to be more active , fit and healthy .
Read Dr. Joes blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles Creates Gold in Women &apos;s Choices
Forget the pressure .
Forget the hype .
Simone Biles is immune to all of this .
Dynamically on the jump horse .
Easily put on the beam .
Breathtaking on the ground .
It is absolutely brilliant .
And now , finally , the Olympic champion .
The 19 @-@ year @-@ old American gymnast became the multiple title on Thursday , widening the gap between herself and the rest of the world before all eyes under the spotlight of the Olympic Games .
Her overall score of 62.198 was clearly ahead of the silver medal winner and &quot; Final Five &quot; team mate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina .
American Simone Biles exercises on the suspended bar during the women &apos;s individual multi @-@ match at the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Thursday .
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American to win a multiple title , and the fifth overall , while solidifying her reputation for being the best of her generation , or even the best of her generation .
She erupted in tears when her final result was shown and her long journey ended at that moment .
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps , who has elevated their sports to new heights :
Biles has dominated her sport for the last three years , winning 15 World Cup medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton said she was &quot; the best gymnast I have ever seen . &quot;
A final test in Brazil awaited her , a contest that went not so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes as between her and a burden of outsized expectations .
Not returning with a handful of gold to the family in Spring , Texas would be considered disappointing .
Simone Biles , on the left , and Aly Raisman , on the left , embrace each other after winning gold and silver in the women &apos;s individual competitions at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Thursday .
Biles won the first medal on Tuesday , while it served as an exclamation mark at the farewell party of retired team coordinator Martha Karolyi .
Though Biles insisted that she never planned for the future during her long journey to the top , this is not really true .
Some of their ground exercises - which include their typical Tumbling Pass - are attuned to Latin American music , which would fit on the street outside the Olympic arena in Rio .
This is no accident .
This girl , adopted by her grandparents as a young child and discovered by trainer Aimee Boorman &apos;s mother during a school trip to the gym where Boorman trained , became a force .
It has not lost any more multiple fights since the summer of 2013 , a series of victories that will last as long as Biles wishes .
Although Mustafina led easily through two turns , the picture was misleading .
Floor beams and urns - in which Biles holds the title of World Champion - were lurking .
She caught up again with 15.433 on the suspended beam - and put another 15.933 on the floor .
Raisman gently embraced her as she expected her final bust - a mere formality - and tears poured on Bile &apos;s shiny red , white , and blue eyelashes as the vision she once described in her collection book became a reality .
Raisman &apos;s performance was a revenge for the last time four years ago , when she fought for third place , but the bronze medal went to Mustafina in a teebrake .
This time , the 22 @-@ year @-@ old team captain , called &quot; Grandma &quot; by the Americans , had a head start .
After her ground exercise , she threw kisses at the audience , overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes seemed dubious .
As far as Biles is concerned , the rapidly spreading 19 @-@ year @-@ old tweet at the beginning of this week has a whole new meaning :
Police : 3 victims in serial killings shot while listening to music in the car .
According to police reports released on Thursday , two women and a 12 @-@ year @-@ old girl were shot , killed in one of the most deadly attacks in a decade in the first serial killing in Phoenix , while they were chatting in the car and listening to music .
Angela Rochelle Liner , Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis &apos;s daughter Maleah were shot dead on June 12 , while the car was parked in a driveway , the authorities said .
According to the report , the perpetrator fired eight shots from a handgun while standing on the front @-@ passenger side of the car and then fled with another vehicle .
The police reported that the triple murder did not seem to have been the result of a robbery , because the attacker did not carry the handbags or the $ 2,900 that were owned by one of the adult victims .
Jonathan Howard , Phoenix police spokesman , said that the shooting tempted investigators to take a closer look at whether it involved four previous attacks .
In total , seven people have been killed and two more injured in nine attacks in four months , mainly in Hispanic residential areas .
&quot; It happens in a residential area in front of a house , &quot; Howard informed KHPO , a subsidiary of CBS , earlier this month .
The suspect is believed to have used several vehicles , including a late 1990 &quot; s brown nissan , a late 1990 &quot; s black BMW , and a white Cadillac or Lincoln .
The investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to conclude that the attacks were linked and were committed by the same murderer .
Ellis , 33 , was hospitalized for her injuries and died later .
Liner , 31 , and Ellis daughter Maleah died on site .
A witness told the police that it was not unusual for them to sit in a parked car and listen to music .
The authorities also published a police report on the shooting aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before the triple murder and believed to have been the work of the serial killer .
Investigators found cartridge cases and secured a ball out of the seat as well as ball fragments from the engine compartment .
Mother of a 6 @-@ year @-@ old with microcephaly : &quot; Things are getting better . &quot;
Like most 6 @-@ year @-@ olds , Edmund Picciuto loves singing , toys and of course his mother .
But , like most of his contemporaries , Edmund has microcephaly , the result of a genetic disorder about which his mother , Elizabeth Picciuto , knew nothing during her pregnancy .
When he first came home , my first thought was I can &apos;t do it .
I cannot do it .
I did not engage in that .
What is not true at all -- of course , they got involved , &quot; she said .
Her husband Vincent and she have been told that Edmund may never be able to recognise her and that he may not even survive .
Some doctors even went so far as to suggest that it be institutionalised .
&quot; My first answer to that was &apos; I didn &apos;t know that people were still doing it , &apos; explained Picciuto .
Edmund can walk with the help of a walking aid .
Edmund could not sit or crawl until he was three years old , and he still cannot speak .
But he is making slow progress .
He can walk with support and cycling .
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers .
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund has concocted for &quot; Please sing to me something . &quot;
&quot; We teach him sign language , &quot; Picciuto told CBS News .
But it is not a typical sign language -- it says ; Edmund invented some characters by himself .
Microcephaly has a variety of causes : genetic as in Edmund , and infections with viruses such as measles or cicavirus during pregnancy .
Symptoms and prognoses can vary greatly .
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of those infected with the Zikavirus .
Picciuto recalls the emotional price of an uncertain future .
I kept asking , what will happen ?
What will happen ?
And she still doesn &apos;t really know .
I have not asked about the forecast for a long time , because I do not expect anyone to be able to tell me .
But Picciuto has some hopeful advice for mothers of babies with birth defects caused by cicavirus .
Things are getting better .
You know it &apos;s going to be better for you .
You will love your child and your child will love you .
Severe rains and floods are giving rise to rescues in Louisiana , Mississippi .
Severe rainfall and widespread flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday , with more rain expected throughout Saturday .
Many rivers in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi flooded their banks and threatened large @-@ scale flooding after extreme rainfall , the National Weather Service reported .
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards announced that state officials are in constant contact with the local authorities and that help is already on its way to the affected communities .
Mike Steele , a spokesman for the governor &apos;s Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness , announced that requests for high @-@ water craft , boats , and sandbags were multiplying .
Steele said that the community of Tangipahoa alone had requested ten thousand sandbags .
A flood warning system will be in place for large parts of southern Louisiana until Saturday .
The weather service announced that an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in this area .
In the south of Alabama , an early flood warning system was put in place on Friday , while it continued to rain in the Mobile area .
The Comite River near Baton Rouges and the Amite River near Denham Springs , both of which are in Louisiana , are likely to reach record levels over the weekend .
The metereologist Alek Krautmann says that both rivers could flood many houses in the suburbs near Baton Rouge .
He also said that downstream flooding at Ascension Parish is a danger , as it will flow only slowly over the rivers into Lake Maurepas .
The Tickfaw River , south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool , Louisiana , reached its highest level ever recorded on Friday at 9 : 00 a.m.
Rescue teams still reached people from the flood water in the Amite and Wilkinson districts in the southwest of Mississippi .
Leroy Hansford , his wife and stepson were among those who were saved near Gloster on Friday .
Hansford , 62 , says that water from Beaver Creek , which is normally more than 400 feet from his house , rose sharply overnight .
He said that another stepson who lives nearby had warned him .
&quot; We woke up and the water poured in and came in , &quot; said Hansford .
It reached my waist .
His wife said to Hansford that she had never seen such a high level of the river in the 48 years she lived there .
Hansford said that he and his family members had all disabilities and that he was the only one who could swim .
Hansford said that emergency aid workers had rescued all three in a large military truck and taken them to the next fire station in Gloster , where they were housed until Friday .
Krautmann said that the flood had &quot; spread quickly &quot; because heavy rainfall continued and that the authorities were considering evacuation instructions .
According to Krautmann , an observer near Livingstone reported 13.75 @-@ inch rain from midnight to Friday morning .
Krautmann said that the soil has been considerably sucked out by the rain since Wednesday .
The authorities stated that heavy rainfall and street flooding caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and a breakdown in education in five school districts .
The CBS subsidiary WWL reported that one of its members in Tangipahoa reported 200 flooded houses .
The inhabitants were evacuated to two churches , both of which have now been flooded .
Robby Miller , the head of the community , said that the authorities had saved 72 people and seven pets washed up by the floods .
In the cities of Amite and Hammond emergency accommodation has been provided to shelter the evacuated .
&quot; As soon as the water begins to recede , they will be able to go back to their homes , &quot; he said .
In Hammond , in the municipality of Tangipahoa , nearly two dozen streets have been closed due to flooding , and sandbags have been provided for residents to take away in the hope of keeping the water out of their homes and shops .
&quot; The last major flood we had was in March , &quot; said Lacy Landrum of the City Council .
This appears to be a similar incident .
In Mississipp , emergency manager Rupert Lacy of Harrison County said that it continued to rain on the Gulf Coast .
According to him , a handful of houses were reported as flooded on Thursday , but none have been reported so far on Friday .
Keith Townson , manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite , has lived in the area for 40 years .
&quot; I have seen water in places I have never seen it before , &quot; Townson said , &quot; and it is still coming . &quot;
Mahaj Brown , 6 , &quot; full of bullets , &quot; survives shooting in Philadelphia .
Police report that the 6 @-@ year @-@ old boy was shot in Philadelphia , the second time this week that a 6 @-@ year @-@ old child has been shot .
The boy &apos;s grandparents identified him as Mahaj Brown for CBS Philadelphia .
Grandparents claimed that Brown suffered multiple gun injuries , including in his loin , leg , arm , and stomach , but that he was conscious as he was transported to hospital .
&quot; He has gone through a lot , his little body was full of bullets , &quot; his grandmother Delores Melendez told the station .
I simply cannot believe it .
The condition of the boy was classified as critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several operations .
The boy &apos;s family told the station that he is expected to recover .
He should have started the first class in a local primary school .
Brown was one of four people shot in Germantown .
Three men were also shot : two at the age of 29 and a 32 @-@ year old .
One of the 29 @-@ year @-@ old men is in critical condition ; the other two victims are in stable condition , according to CBS Philadelphia .
The boy was found shot dead in the front seat of a car together with the 29 @-@ year @-@ old , who is in a critical condition , the station reports .
The other two victims were not in the car and the police are investigating whether one of the injured men could be the perpetrator .
Investigators informed CBS Philadelphia that there appears to have been a cross @-@ fire between several shooters .
Cartridge cases for assault rifles , traced back to various assault rifles , crossed the scene of the crime .
It seems that this was clearly an ongoing struggle .
On the road , on both sides of the sidewalk , there were tubes .
There seem to have been several armed fighters here who were very actively involved , &quot; Police officer Anthony Ginaldi told the channel in Philadelphia .
Several houses and vehicles in the area were also hit .
There were no arrests and the police are reportedly reviewing the surveillance video .
On Tuesday , another 6 @-@ year @-@ old girl was hit by a torturer on her arm while playing in front of her house in the residential area of West Oak Lane .
She recovers and the police are still looking for a suspect .
Why we need Simone , Gabby and Laurie
That is what I have in mind under the women &apos;s Olympic team in gymnastics , and for more than one reason .
First , I have been at every summer Olympics since 1984 , and the US has never been so dominant .
Second , this team has three gymnasts , Simone Biles , Gabby Douglas and Lauren &quot; Laurie &quot; Hernandez , who have inspired many young girls of different skin .
The structure of this team , which is rounded off by Aly Raisman , who is Jewish , and Madison Kocian , who is Catholic , makes everyone proud .
This team finally reflects the US .
It has consolidated the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of the sport .
In the last four years , the number one female gymnast has been an African @-@ American .
Last year Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2 .
That shows strength .
At the last Olympic Games , Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic winner , and America cheered .
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible achievement of triple World Champion Simone Biles , Douglas , and Laurie Hernandez in delivering unexpected but masterly gymnastics .
On Thursday , Simone became the fourth heterosexual American woman to win gold at an individual multi @-@ combat event for women .
Team member Aly Raisman won silver .
We see the top of this sport , but this is not how gymnastics classes look across the country .
Simone , Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make it into the Olympic team .
They are the &quot; last five , &quot; because the next Olympic team will have only four gymnasts on the team , and this is also the last year with Marta Karolyi as coach .
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport , and gymnastics is primarily practised in private gymnastics clubs maintained by parents who pay for training , equipment , travel , clothing , competition and hotel costs ( for trainers and their gymnastics and families ) , and the list goes on .
The majority of these gymnastics clubs are located in wealthy suburbs that can support business .
In these clubs , the entire training is given to the gymnasts , which is an expensive and long @-@ term commitment for the families .
Aimee Boorman , Simone Biles &quot; trainer , and Maggie Haney , Laurie Hernandez &apos;s trainer , have both trained their athletes since they started exercising .
We need to enable the communities of countless young girls inspired by Simone , Gabby and Laurie to have more affordable and accessible physical training .
I founded my 20 @-@ year @-@ old gymnastic foundation .
At my events , we provided free and affordable gymnastics in Harlem for more than 15,000 urban youth ( mostly black and Hispanic ) and trained national and international winners .
In September , we will expand to Detroit , my home city , to provide high @-@ quality gymnastics that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport .
Exercise develops strength , flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work , discipline and determination for the mind .
This combination offers life @-@ long benefits for health and for school and professional success .
It is the inspiration of this team that makes thousands of young girls take an interest in exercise , and that is great .
It is so important to participate in sport , especially for girls .
It is such an exciting time .
Thanks to Simone , Aly , Laurie , Gabby and Madison for this true representation of &quot; girl power &quot; by getting the Olympic team gold and thank you for motivating so many young girls from different backgrounds to start their journey to become healthy , strong and successful young women .
Assistant doctors want to organize more strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt &apos;s proposal .
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the amendments by adopting a reformed contract with officials of the British Medical Association , but 58 % of the 37,000 junior doctors who voted in an election rejected it .
In July , Hunt unveiled plans to impose the contract , saying that the NHS was in a &quot; no man &apos;s land , &quot; and that any further delay would be harmful to staff and patients .
The first junior doctors are to be given a new contract which includes changes to night and weekend work in order to improve care during inaccessible hours .
Dr Ellen McCourt , Chairman of the BMA Assistant Doctors Committee , said in a message last night : &apos; Assistant doctors continue to have serious concerns about the proposed contract , in particular that it will fuel the current staff crisis and fail to treat all doctors fairly &apos; .
With only eight weeks left before the first group of doctors are covered by the new treaty , progress needs to be made and time is running out .
BMA efforts to resolve disputes through talks have met with reluctance on the part of the government to participate and sometimes deafening silence .
This happened with a promise made by Jeremy Hunt only last month that his door would always be open .
&quot; Jeremy Hunt must act now , lift the imposition and address the concerns of the junior doctors . &quot;
If he does not , the junior doctors have made it clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action .
The last strike , at the end of April , postponed almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments , as nurses and specialist doctors were involved to provide cover for doctors on the strike post chain .
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting the reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association .
The BMA wants better weekly pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who will be covered by the contract .
Daniel Mortimer , Director General of NHS staff , called on the junior doctors to end the strike .
Mortimer said : &quot; Industrial action does not achieve very much , but it puts a strain on already overburdened teams and service providers and causes only concern , distress and interruption to patients , carers and their families . &quot;
Over the past two months , we have spoken to the Committee of Assistant Doctors and responded positively to concerns about paternalism and whistle @-@ blowing with the Ministry of Health and other ministries .
Employers hoped that continued positive engagement on other important issues - including posting , training flexibility , additional training for those returning from work breaks , training costs , mutual recognition of the curriculum , training leave , and the gender pay gap in medicine - was a sign of how serious employers , Health Education England , and the Ministry of Health were about meeting the BMA &apos;s November , February , and May agreements .
The £ 2 per day drug that can reduce heart attack risk .
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £ 2 per day drug after authorities have recommended that more people be given it for a longer period of time .
Ticagrelor , a anticoagulant medication , reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks in people with heart disease .
The drug is administered as early as 12 months after a heart attack , reducing the risk of stroke or another heart attack .
The NICE regulatory agency has recommended taking this medicine for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems .
The NICE regulatory agency has recommended taking this medicine for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems .
Around 140,000 people suffer a heart attack each year , and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or stroke .
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by accumulations of greasy materials in the arterial walls that form coatings .
If the plaque breaks apart , it can cause a blood clots that clog the blood flow to the heart , causing heart attacks .
When the blood clots dissolve , they can flow through the bloodstream and clog up the flow of blood to the brain , causing a stroke .
People who have already had a heart attack are at higher risk of having another .
Ticagrelor , manufactured by the British company AstraZeneca and marketed under the trade name Brilique , reduces this risk by making the formation of blood clots less likely .
NICE &apos;s draft guidelines , published today , recommend taking 90mg of Ticagrelor for 12 months , followed by 60mg of aspirin twice a day for the next three years .
Professor Carole Longson , director of the NICE Health Technology Assessment Centre , said : &apos; Despite the availability of secondary prevention , a quarter of all people who have suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or stroke - often with disastrous consequences . &apos;
Fears of another heart attack can have a significant negative impact on a person &apos;s quality of life .
Experience shows that Ticagrelor , in combination with aspirin , is effective in reducing further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack .
Through a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor , we are pleased that we are able to expand available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from them .
Information on the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor - in particular , bleeding risk - is limited to a period of up to three years , and the draft bond does not recommend treatment beyond that period .
A Culture of Political Correctness Blooms Electoral Fraud in Muslim Areas
Former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year on a government report of corruption .
A culture of political correctness has led to widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities being deliberately ignored , as a devastating government report revealed today .
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles is verbally attacking the police , election observers and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse due to &quot; over @-@ sensitivity to ethnicity and religion . &quot;
The former Minister for Integration and Local Government , who is now an anti @-@ corruption king , said that intimidating voters for religious reasons would be so bad that the police should be allowed to set up barricades outside polling booths to protect intimidated voters .
It recommends that voters should have an identity card with them in order to prove their identity in elections .
At present , all a voter has to do is give his name and address .
The report proposes that inks that cannot be removed should be put on a person &apos;s finger when they cast their votes , in order to prevent someone voting twice .
Whistleblowers should be given more protection , says Sir Eric .
It calls for the press to have more access to community documents and decisions by non @-@ official committees or working groups .
&quot; This serves not only against electoral fraud , but also to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that accompanies it , &quot; he said .
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower Hamlet electoral scandal in eastern London .
Last year , a special election court ruled that acting mayor Lutfur Rahman should be removed from office after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices .
The court found that Rahman had &quot; cynically perverted the religious feelings of his Muslim community , &quot; and that he had silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia .
Rahman is said to have conducted his campaign &quot; on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to elect him . &quot;
Up to 300 votes were either doubtful or the result of imitation in which one person votes as someone else .
Sir Eric said there is evidence of fraud across the country .
He was particularly alarmist about fraudulent postal voting - in which older members of the Muslim community had put pressure on people to elect a candidate of their choice .
Sir Eric , pictured , made several recommendations to clean up the electoral system , including holding identity cards to prove identity .
His report states : &apos; As proof , pressure has been brought to bear on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities , particularly women and young people , to vote in accordance with the will of the elderly , particularly communities with Pakistani or Bangladeshi backgrounds .
&quot; There were concerns that ... state institutions had knowingly ignored such behavior due to &quot; politically correct &quot; over @-@ sensitivity to ethnicity and religion . &quot;
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system , including a ban on political activists processing ballot papers to stop &quot; election harvests . &quot;
The report under consideration by Theresa May also calls for stricter registration checks to prevent the electoral register from being used for immigration and social fraud .
Consider asking voters for your ID before the election .
Use non @-@ removable ink on a person &apos;s finger once they have cast their vote to prevent someone from voting twice .
To carry out systematic checks on a person &apos;s nationality to ensure that they are eligible to vote .
A three @-@ year restriction on applications for automatic postal voting .
Prohibition on political activists processing complete postal votes and envelopes of postal votes .
Give the police the power to set up barriers around election stations .
A legislative amendment to facilitate charges of intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983 .
Prohibition of photography in election stations .
Requirement that only English be used in polling stations ( with the exception of Wales ) .
Increased training to ensure that employees enforce the rule that voters go into the polling booth alone .
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it &quot; astonishing &quot; that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlet case .
&quot; The Electoral Court has declared Lutfur Rahman and his deputy unfit for purpose because of a litany of corrupt and illegal practices , &quot; he said .
He was found guilty for a number of reasons , in accordance with the high standards of criminal procedure .
It also criticises the ineffective &quot; ticking @-@ off &quot; of the electoral registration departments of town halls .
Sir Eric said : &apos; Last year &apos;s court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake @-@ up call .
Our country has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments , but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and the denial of certain authorities are threatening this good name .
Crazy about Kate &apos;s biker duo and other famous duo of Olympic athletes in Rio .
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio got out of control this week over the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand @-@ Prevot , who has proven to be an impressive duchess duchess of Cambridge .
But the 24 @-@ year @-@ old Olympic athlete this summer is by no means the only gold @-@ fighting athlete to have his own famous double @-@ edged - at least not if social media are to be believed .
In honour of the Olympic Games in Rio and all the famous faces that are currently flickering on our screens , FEMAIL has drawn up a list of Olympic athletes that bears more than a certain similarity to Hollywood celebrities .
The Hunter and Wolf : A member of the American Archery Team Brady Ellison , left , has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood .
Apart from Kate &apos;s double @-@ entry on the bike race track , many people on the Internet pointed out how a certain archer could be the twin of A @-@ celebrity Leonardo DiCaprio .
A member of the US Archery Team , Brady Ellison , caused a run on Twitter after seeing images of the Wolf of Wall Street star emerge .
Indeed , the archer caught up with the madness in social media , admitting that he had been told since childhood that he looked like Leo .
&quot; I don &apos;t see much similarity , except for face hair , &quot; Brady told the Huffington Post .
&quot; He &apos;s a handsome guy , so I guess I take that as a compliment . &quot;
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will no doubt come to the fore even more this year : the striking similarity between the British wide @-@ sprinter Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris .
The Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina , with her large , expressive eyes , is supposed to be able to go through as a double @-@ breadwinner for the Cuban @-@ American singer Gloria Estefan .
And in the swimming pool , South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years .
A gear up : This user believes Nathan is the &quot; athletic version &quot; of the Inception actor .
Another lasting comparison has been made between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett , who has similarly heavy eyebrows and lips .
Russian silver medal swimmer Yulia Efimova shows more than just the sun @-@ tanned skin and blond hair like actress Annalynne McCord , while American Nathan Adrian has been attuned by fans to resembling an &quot; athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt . &quot;
Strong women : soccer star Hope Solo , left , and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter , right , have a similar face shape and eyes .
Not the only one : A Twitter user was very happy that others noticed the similarities as well .
Theory floated : According to this user , there may be a reason for the similarity of the couple .
One Twitter user explained her satisfaction that &quot; the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical . &quot;
Indeed , the U.S. soccer star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar facial shape and eyes .
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh @-@ Jennings and her smile , which is almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney , and the gold medal winner in gymnastics Gabby Douglas , who has her own beautiful broad smile similar to that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union .
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologizes for saying that Chinese swimmer &quot; died like a pig . &quot;
Byron MacDonald &apos;s analysis of 14 @-@ year @-@ old Ai Yanhan &apos;s fourth place at dr 4x200m Free @-@ floating squadron outraged CBC live broadcast of the Olmypical Games on Wednesday .
Canada &apos;s CBC had to apologize for one of its commentators saying that the 14 @-@ year @-@ old Chinese swimmer &quot; went off like a pig &quot; and &quot; died like a pig &quot; during the race .
The commentator Byron MacDonalds thought that his microphone was switched off when he gave his own opinion at the end of the 4x200m freestanding squadron .
MacDonald , who had been brought on board the CBS &apos;s commentary team to give more &quot; color , &quot; could be heard saying , &quot; This little 14 @-@ year @-@ old Chinese has lost the boat , baby . &quot;
Too excited , went off like a pig , died like a pig .
Thank you for that .
The Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan , 14 , swam the second stage of the swimming squadron 1 : 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada &apos;s Taylor Ruck , which enabled Canadians to close the gap with China .
Spectators across Canada quickly responded online after being shocked by the tone and language .
Emmett Macfarlane tweete , &quot; Has the CBC commentator just said that the 14 @-@ year @-@ old Chinese swimmer &quot; died like a pig &quot; ? ? ? ?
The idiot didn &apos;t realize that they were still on air . &quot;
Ai Yanhan of China was described as follows in the final 4 x 200 m women &apos;s free @-@ standing swimming squadron : &quot; This little 14 @-@ year @-@ old Chinese woman has lost the boat , baby . &quot;
Twitter criticism of Byron MacDonald was swift and harsh , with many calling him to account .
Twitter users didn &apos;t hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was .
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote : &quot; Wow , # ByronMacDonald .
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all look racist . # disgusted .
A short time later , Scott Russel , who hosted the CBC broadcast , apologized live for MacDonald &apos;s comment , saying , &quot; We apologize for broadcasting the commentary about a swim performance . &quot;
It was an unfortunate phrase , we are sorry that it happened . &quot;
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to the people who responded to the Twitter observations .
Commentator Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC copied and paste his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about MacDonald &apos;s comments .
The network also apologized quickly and issued a message .
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was made possible for them to be broadcast .
Last night , we quickly apologised to our viewers on air and to our followers in the social media .
To make one thing clear , Byron &apos;s comments related to the swim @-@ in &apos;s performance and not to her personally .
However , they were inappropriate and an unfortunate formulation , and Byron is very sorry for what he has said .
On Thursday afternoon MacDonald apologized on the programme and tried to justify his remark by saying that it was not his intention to interpret it as a personal attack .
&quot; I would like to take a moment to apologise for the comment I made after the women &apos;s swimming squadron at the CBC Olympic broadcast , he said .
&quot; I was referring to the swim @-@ in &apos;s achievement and not to her as a person . &quot;
Of course , no disrespect was intended and I am very sorry . &quot;
Buyers in Primark indignant about a woman trying shamelessly underwear in the middle of a shop .
Buyers didn &apos;t know where to look when a woman took off her clothes in the middle of a marrow to try underwear .
To make matters worse , she patterned what she looked like in it , pulled it out and put it back on the shelf .
She continued to rummage and tried four pairs of underwear in a shop in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone .
The Primark shop in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone , where the woman tried the underwear before putting it back on the shelf .
A mother of two children , Jenny Davidson , who was in the shop at the same time , said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear , &quot; she dressed up again and left the shop without buying anything . &quot;
She said : &quot; People couldn &apos;t believe what they saw . &quot;
Standing in the middle of the sales area , she took a pair of underpants out of the display , took off her own pantyhose and pants and tried them out .
&quot; She didn &apos;t even try to find a more discreet place to do it - she just stood there , cheeky like Oskar . &quot;
&quot; Everyone was staring when she took off the underpants , which she obviously did not like because she put them back on the shelf . &quot;
She repeated the same thing with three more underpants before finally deciding that she didn &apos;t like it , put on her clothes , and went out .
&quot; She didn &apos;t seem to mind that someone was watching her - or thinking about the person who might buy the underwear she had tried . &quot;
Mrs Davidson , 33 , who lives in Kent , said : &apos; How disgusting it is to think that someone would take home underwear that was worn by another person and was not washed . &apos;
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon .
Mrs Davidson added : &apos; I have noticed that the staff have tried to take the clothes out of sale after they left - which is just as good . &apos;
&quot; I would hate to go home with a new pair of underpants and find out that another woman had put them on and took them off and they were not washed . &quot;
A Primark spokesman said : &apos; Primark is aware of the incident that took place at our Folkstone branch on Tuesday 9 August . &apos;
All eligible products have been withdrawn from sale .
How to Protect Krav Maga from Arms Attacks
The world outside is a dangerous place , but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a little safer for you .
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi , a Grand Master of the Krav Maga Association in New York , to find out how to deal with armed robbers at a close range .
Whether you are approached from the front or the back , this video will show you how to turn the tables on your robber .
When approaching you from behind , the first thing you should do is turn around so that you can see your attacker and &quot; get out of the firing line , &quot; says Mizrachi .
Then grab the gun between your forearm and shoulder before beating it in the face with your free elbow .
Then beat him with his knees into the groin , twisting the weapon out of his hands as the attacker curves with pain , hitting him face with the barrel and moving backwards as they point the gun at him .
For attackers approaching from the front , the technique is similar - move your body out of the firing line , take the gun and twist it so the attacker cannot shoot .
At the same time , shift the weight to the weapon and beat the attacker &apos;s chest , then twist the weapon out of his grip before moving backwards and pointing the weapon at him .
Sounds difficult ?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi is doing .
But remember that if you are robbed , the safest thing to do is hand over your money - unless you are a Krav Maga grandmaster .
Traveler Ian Wright pours his tongue into the dirtiest places in Europe for a guide .
A British traveller subjected his immune system and worm lex to serious scrutiny - by licking some of Europe &apos;s dirtiest and disgusting places .
The moderator and travel writer Ian Wright , 51 , from Suffolk , took his course on a euro note , a banister at Piccadilly Circus , a button to sink a train toilet , and a public phone in Russia to demonstrate the resilience of his immune system .
Before leaking each object , he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he was going to engage in .
But the experiment , filmed under the title &quot; The Lickhiker &apos;s Guide to Inner Strength , &quot; revealed some surprising results .
The idea of licking the sink of a train toilet , which has already been used by thousands of others , may be utterly repellent , but there are in fact more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink .
On his trip around Europe , Mr Wright talked to doctors and medical professionals about the promotion of intestinal bacteria and his own health .
Fortunately , nothing he licked left more than a bad aftertaste in his mouth .
Mr Wright became famous for testing the resilience of his bowel by travelling around the world eating strange and wonderful things .
From public railings at railway stations to flushing toilet buttons , the task definitely put his immune system to the test .
In the film , he said : &quot; As a child I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I put all sorts of things in my mouth : earth , worms and mud water . &quot;
In the movie he certainly lived up to his reputation .
The only thing he rejected was a dirty public toilet in Russia .
His trial run showed a luminance of over 4000 units .
By way of comparison , the number of freshly washed hands is less than 60 .
But there was a Russian toilet that he refused to lick after its luminosity exceeded 4,000 units , while freshly washed hands had one in less than 60 .
Mr. Wright and the Finnish dairy product manufacturer Valio produced the travel film &quot; The Lickhiker &apos;s Guide to Inner Strength , &quot; which shows the number of bacteria in various places such as the bathroom .
In the film , he says : &apos; This is close to the worst thing I have smelled in a toilet . &apos;
There is nothing dirtier than that !
I am not going to lick anything here because it is disgusting inside .
&quot; The Lickhiker &apos;s Guide to Inner Strength &quot; was produced in collaboration with Valio , a Finnish dairy producer .
The company will equip Mr Wright with Valio Gefilus , which contains both lactic acid bacteria and vitamins C and D , to support the promotion of intestinal bacteria and the immune system .
Valios Senior Venice President for Snacks , Juices and New Categories Niko Vuorenmaa says : &quot; We really wanted to offer something new to consumers .
Something that is fascinating to watch and at the same time explains the benefits of probiotics .
We conducted crazy brainstorming , which ended in saying , &quot; Let &apos;s call Ian . &quot;
They claim that interest in colorectal health is becoming a global phenomenon .
Instead of just talking about the products , we wanted to put them in a broader context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment , the importance of intestinal health , and how it is linked to the immune system .
The growing interest in bowel health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary film we were able to provide consumers with more information about it in an interesting way .
I also think the movie shows that we have a great sense of humour !
Tom Hakala , who directed the film , added , &quot; Let me put it like this - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had kindled some of the things I told him to lick , like the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film . &quot;
Of course , there were things that were easier to get Ian to lick , and others that were quite difficult .
I am glad that we have recorded some of these filthy treats on film . &quot;
In a 2015 survey conducted by Valio , 84 % of all respondents associated lactic acid bacteria , particularly with the well @-@ being of the stomach and intestines , and 58 % said that , at least occasionally , they use products containing added lactic acid bacteria .
Social family destroyed social housing in Saltash , Cornwall before relocation
An anti @-@ social family left their social housing after a £ 50,000 delocalisation because they had terrorised their neighbours .
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown from their estate in Saltash , Cornwall , after a long list of complaints .
After being forcibly removed from their property , shocked housing cooperatives found the property in an irreparable state .
The walls had gaping holes , wooden boards were ripped open , rubbish was scattered on the floor and graffiti was lubricated on the walls .
The family has been resettled and is now believed to be living in private accommodation .
Donna McEvoy , who works for Cornwall Housing &apos;s house manager , said she feared that the flat would become unrepaired .
She said : &apos; It was an absolute nightmare for people here and I do not think people have to live this way .
There are many things to consider , as this property will probably be considered a less beautiful part of Cornwall .
The family is notorious and so is their reputation .
The couple had three sons who , in the meantime , lived in the flat and the police said that the terror inflicted by the family included street fighting with baseball sticks , intimidation of residents , drug abuse , drug trafficking and excessive shouting , squabbling and cursing .
Skeldon , 47 , whose name was on the rental contract , received an order in June for antisocial behaviour .
In some rooms of the house , which may be demolished , old trash has been found .
Wooden panes were torn open in the estate where drugs were traded in the past .
Neighbours testified that they saw them fighting in the street and had to be called regularly to the police .
Cornwall Housing violently cancelled her and her partner from the estate this week after she gave them an extension of 11 weeks to leave voluntarily .
Delotion was applauded by facilitated neighbors who said that their lives had been made hell .
One said : &quot; They did not care about anyone . &quot;
We lived next to them for 20 years and it was always bad .
The countless times we say to the police here are incredible .
&quot; This morning we could not sleep . &quot;
We got up because it was so quiet here - we are not used to that !
Now that they are finally gone , it will be beautiful .
Adam Fitzpatrick , Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing , said that the family failed to cooperate with local authorities .
The family lived for 20 years in the house to which the police were called periodically .
Trash and old toys were thrown down on the overgrown side of the town hall .
He added : &quot; It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for their behaviour and that of their family , because a devolution is always the last step that Cornwall Housing considers .
This was a very difficult case , as the behaviour was extreme and their actions had to be horrific for their neighbours to watch .
I appreciate all the work that has been done by my team , by the Devon and Cornwall police and by members of the community who have bravely approached us and provided us with the information .
I hope that this development will provide some comfort to some neighbours and send a message that anti @-@ social behaviour will not be tolerated .
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons had lived in the house at different times , but that they were all over 20 .
A dirty mattress that is left on the floor in one of the bedrooms of the house after the deodorant .
House administrators will now have to clear the garbage mountains that surround the house .
In 2014 , police raided the house and found more than 70g of cannabis , scales , paraphernalia , and £ 1,700 in cash .
Skeldon received a fine for committing herself to possession of a Class B drug on commercial intent .
She claimed that the money was for a tombstone of her son Lee Skeldon , who died in a car crash in 2013 .
Having been homeless , Tanya and her partner are now believed to be living in private accommodation in Plymouth .
Many of the hotel &apos;s walls were covered with graffiti .
The police say that they will deceive tenants who do not abide by house rules .
Angela Crow of the Devon and Cornwall police announced that the relocation is a clear warning to other tenants who do not respect the house rules .
&quot; This goes to those who think they can behave without self @-@ reproach and to those who have been damaged by such behavior , &quot; she said .
The Devon and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and anti @-@ social behaviour , which will continue to work with partners to protect our communities .
Tourists in Portugal panicked after a high @-@ flying military jet flies over beach .
Sunseekers in Aveiro , Portugal , experienced the shock of their lives .
A Portuguese P @-@ 3C Orion aeroplane belonging to the Air Force set off an incredible dive .
The air force indicated that it was on a training flight , but insisted that there was no security risk .
This was the moment when frightened tourists began to panic after a flying jet crashed over a full beach .
Dramatic video recordings showed how the military aircraft flew almost within reach of the sun worshippers on the stretch of beach in Aveiro in the north of Portugal .
The holiday makers jumped up when , understandably , they began to worry about the noises of jet engines , without first seeing what was coming through the clouds .
The incident took place yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova , near Aveiro .
Daniel Fernandes , one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos on social media about the dramatic fly @-@ by , said , &quot; It really was flying very low twice and there was a moment when it looked like it was going to crash . &quot;
Nuno Arroja added : &quot; I was just surfing and it felt as though the plane was falling down on me . &quot;
Tourists on Aveiro beach were panicked when the plane came out of the dark and flew incredibly low .
Today , the Portuguese Air Force reported that the P @-@ 3C Orion pilot was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast , while flying so low that this was the only way to recognize them .
The spokesman said that due to poor visibility due to nearby conflagrations , the jet flew slightly lower than usual , but the air force insisted that safety was never threatened .
This summer , large @-@ scale fires destroyed parts of mainland Portugal , killing four people on the island of Madeira as well .
The Portuguese Air Force stated today that conditions - heavy fog and fire smoke - forced the pilot to fly so low , which limited his vision .
The plane was on a training flight , in which the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise .
Supercup : Barca worried about Seville
Sevilla - FC Barcelona fights for the first step towards winning their first title in the new football season on Sunday .
The Catalans face FC Sevilla in the duel for the Spanish Supercup abroad , and the return match takes place three days later at Camp Nou .
The doubles winner has to give up fighting with the defeated cupfinalist and ruling European League champion , among others , Neymar , who competes with Brazil in the Olympic football tournament .
Goalie Marc @-@ Andre ter Stegen is also missing .
The German rider suffered a belt dive in his knees during the practice , which resolves the question at Barca in favour of Claudio Bravo at least for the time being .
Chilean International and Ter Stegen have been competing for number one status in Barcelona for the past two years .
Coach Luis Enrique has so far refrained from making a clear decision and has left Bravo in the league , but Ter Stegen in most of the remaining competitions .
Before the first mandatory match of the new season , doubts have been raised about the fitness status of the team , which was humiliated by 0 : 4 in a Liverpool test match on Saturday .
Lionel Messi and Co. were not really convinced at the 3 : 2 test stop against Sampdoria on Wednesday either .
Sevilla has to endure the 2 : 3 defeat after extension in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and aspires to the second victory in the &quot; Supercopa de Espana . &quot;
Barcelona is the record winner in this competition , with 11 wins so far .
Ma Long in a league of its own to Table Tennis Gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis Olympic champion .
The 27 @-@ year @-@ old beat Zhang Jike 4 : 0 ( 12,5,4,4 ) in a one @-@ sided final on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro .
In doing so , he won the &quot; Golden Grand Slam &quot; with wins at the World Cup , the World Tour Final Tournament and even the Olympic Games .
bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani .
The two Chinese made it into the final , as expected , and won the title between themselves .
So it was clear that for the third time in a row a Chinese would win the single title under the sign of the Five Rings .
The last non @-@ Chinese to appear on the top Olympic staircase was former South Korean SVS @-@ NÖ legionaire Ryu Seung @-@ min .
Ma and Zhang were left to their own devices on the record , they had no coaches with them between the records and in time @-@ outs .
They had withdrawn to the gallery and left their protégés alone in the fair competition .
&quot; I played the matches to this point for my country . &quot;
&quot; I play for myself in the final , &quot; Zhang had logically said .
After the match , gold and silver medallists posed with the China flag .
The match itself was surprisingly one @-@ sided .
Ma really had to struggle with his 28 @-@ year @-@ old opponent only in the first set .
He then set the pace on the record and dropped Zhang from there only 13 points altogether .
The superiority of Ma did not produce the exciting match that was expected .
But we nonetheless saw enough breathtaking ball changes .
Mizutani won the bronze match against 40 @-@ year @-@ old Vladimir Samsonov 4 @-@ 1 .
In his quarterfinal against the German European Champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov , the Belarusian had suffered a rib injury , was then given medical treatment and had to settle for sheet metal &quot; eventually . &quot;
By the way , the Swedes Jan @-@ Ove Waldner ( 38 / 2004 ) and Jörgen Persson ( 42 / 2008 ) had become Olympic fourth in a similar high table tennis age .
Donald Trump &apos;s campaign is fraught with huge problems .
The US Republican leadership is plagued by massive concerns about losing its majority in traditionally conservative states as well .
presidential candidate Donald Trump now admitted weaknesses in his campaign in the Republican stronghold of Utah .
A rare moment when the normally generous and confident multi @-@ millionaire expressed concerns , as correspondents reported .
After driving 16 rivals within his own Republican camp out of the race , doubts about his success in the White House struggle are growing .
&quot; We have huge problems in Utah , &quot; Trump told evangelical Christians , who asked for support in key states like Ohio , Florida , or Virginia .
False reports of his candidacy were to blame , and he resumed his well @-@ known media slander .
Republican strongholds Wobble
Utah is normally a safe bank for the Republican Party .
According to a June SurveyUSA poll , Trump and his Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , were on a par .
Other institutions see Trump in the lead , but not as far apart as Republican candidates in the state usually do .
Arizona and Georgia are also considered to be at risk .
In an interview with CNBC , Trump , when asked how he would stop Clinton &apos;s advance , replied , &quot; Just as I have done so far . &quot;
And afterwards : either this will be &quot; successful , or I will have a very nice , long vacation . &quot;
He does nothing other than &quot; tell the truth . &quot;
If political correctness does not make it enough for him in the end , that is fine , Trump continued .
Then I will return to a very good way of life .
According to press reports , Trump &apos;s party is said to have threatened to cut funds to support his campaign if he cannot present better polls .
Instead , the Republicans &quot; congressional candidates were to be given more support .
Olympic Games : Flagrant Doping Test Fraud
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission to deal with the case .
Kenya &apos;s track and field is at risk of disaster after the second doping affair at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics .
After an attempt at doping control in the Olympic village , Kenya has sent a trainer home .
The International Olympic Committee announced that it would immediately set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the case .
A Kenyan official had announced that John Anzrah , a former sprinter and present @-@ day coach , had given an urine test at the Olympic Village under the name of the 800 @-@ meter runner Ferguson Rotich .
This was reported to Kenyan team management by the doping inspectors .
The International Federation of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAAF ) has asked the IOC for information on the case in order to launch its own investigations , said an IAAF spokesman .
&quot; Depending on the results of the investigation and subsequent IOC actions , the IAAF will carry out an evaluation , &quot; said an IAAF statement .
&quot; He ( Anzrah ) went to the doping control station and passed himself off as Ferguson Rotich , handed in the rehearsal and signed it , &quot; declared Kenya &apos;s head of mission Stephan Arap Soi .
He was accredited by the athlete who was on the World Anti @-@ Doping Agency &apos;s training control list .
By 2015 , Ferguson Rotich had finished fourth in the Beijing World Cup over 800 meters .
Four days earlier , Kenya &apos;s athletics delegation leader , Michael Rotich , had been withdrawn from the Rio Games .
In return for payment , he is reported to have informed athletes in his country of upcoming doping tests .
According to media reports , he was arrested at Nairobi airport on his return .
Kenya has been under special scrutiny at the IOC for some time now , following numerous doping offences .
When the IOC announced more than 2,000 doping targets prior to the Rio Games , it was unusual to note in advance that Kenya and Russia would be targeted in particular .
Before the summer games in Brazil , the World Anti @-@ Doping Agency put a lot of pressure on the African country to create an anti @-@ doping law and a functioning control system .
The law was passed a few weeks before the start of the Olympic Games .
WADA subsequently removed Kenya from the list of countries whose fight against doping is in accordance with WADA rules .
Kenya is regarded as a great runner nation .
The country &apos;s track and field athletes won the most medals at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing .
In a number of ARD television reports , repeated accusations have been made that doping funds are easily accessible in Kenya and that there is to be a significant mentality in sports fraud .
IOC member Richard Pound recently called for a similar investigation in Kenya to the one he conducted in Russian athletics .
It has been proven that doping was widespread and systematic in this sport .
Russia &apos;s track and field athletes were subsequently banned from the summer games .
Salzburger &quot; West Side Story &quot; with Cecilia Bartoli
In Shakespeare &apos;s year , the Salzburg Festival presents the &quot; West Side Story &quot; with Tony and Maria as a tragic pair of lovers , much like Romeo and Julia .
Accompany a surprising Cecilia Bartoli .
A musical conquers Salzburg : the &quot; West Side Story , &quot; Leornard Bernstein &apos;s masterpiece .
The artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical to the temple of classical music and fulfilled a dream of youth with the role of Maria .
In the moat of the orchestra , the Simón Bolívar Orchestra conducted by the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel : &quot; This music is full of rhythm , &quot; he enthuses .
We always say that it is very Latin American in character .
There are many Latin American ingredients in their tempo and melody .
It is a wonderful mixture , the perfect recipe for our orchestra .
I would say that we really have Bernstein &apos;s music in our blood !
In this production , Bartoli plays an elderly Maria .
She remembers with nostalgia her love for Tony , while the younger Maria plays and dances .
The role of Mary has always fascinated me .
First , because it is musically extraordinary !
And then there is Mary &apos;s personality .
She says it in her song : &quot; I feel pretty , oh so pretty , I feel pretty and witty and bright . &quot;
So she is wise , of course naive , and very passionate .
&quot; She is very similar to me , to the Italian character I have as a Roman , &quot; Bartoli laughs .
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer : &quot; Cecilia is a wonderful artist . &quot;
It &apos;s such an honour to work with her .
She is a tremendously generous person .
And Bartoli returns the compliment : &quot; Dudamel is such an extraordinary artist and very passionate ! &quot;
For him , conducting is a necessity .
You see it in each of his movements , in his looks , it is his life !
It &apos;s such a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him .
We both have a rather southern temperament , a fire , a passion and also a cheerful approach to life , which is very important in general !
For American director Philip Wm . McKinley , the &quot; West Side Story &quot; is highly topical : &quot; This play is about prejudice and fanaticism . &quot;
Today we have the refugees , then the Puertorians went to New York and the people of New York did not want them .
They are the same issues , and they are as relevant now as they were then .
The play is still relevant 59 years later .
London schoolgirl who joined ISIS was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana , one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS , was reported to have died in Syria .
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that her family heard of her death a few weeks ago in Raqqa , Syria .
It was suspected that she was killed in a Russian air raid in Raqqa , the group &apos;s bulwark in the country , ITV News reported on Thursday .
Sultana was 17 years old and , according to her family , died shortly after she planned to leave the war @-@ torn country and return to England .
&quot; One can only hope that the only good thing is to prevent people from ever making that decision , &quot; Akunjee said , as a warning and warning to others that these are the risks involved in going to a war zone .
In February 2015 , Sultana and two other schoolgirls from eastern London entered Turkey on an airplane , and then on a bus to the Syrian border .
Sultana &apos;s family was told that she had married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and had become a widow in a matter of months .
Reid says that Clinton will remain as Supreme Court candidate in the event of a Garland victory .
Harry Reid , the leader of the Senate Democrats , is convinced that the Democratic presidential candidate , Hillary Clinton , will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court .
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland &apos;s confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March .
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell believes that the next president will appoint the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia &apos;s successor .
Reid said on Thursday during a telephone conference that he expects Clinton to select Garland &quot; with some certainty . &quot;
A Reid spokeswoman later said that he had not yet spoken to Clinton about whether she would nominate Garland and that he was speculating .
He praised Garland , saying that Clinton &apos;s team would not cause trouble with a new candidate .
Garland is the highest court of appeal for the District of Columbia .
Raid said that Republicans blocking Garland &apos;s nomination were lackeys and accomplices to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump .
He also noted that Donald Trump was unsuitable for the presidency .
Treats wants nude calendar for &quot; Women and Men . &quot;
Treats Magazine is working with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli @-@ inspired calendar for 2017 .
But instead of famous naked people , they want to find the next generation of top models for their NU Muses calendar for 2017 .
The editor @-@ in @-@ chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude magazine was different from vintage school playboys because &quot; Playboy is for men . &quot;
I do it for women .
He seems to think that the calendar does .
&quot; We need to return to the representation of timeless and classic nudity , in which both men and women feel at ease and inspired by these images of a female body , &quot; Shaw said in a press release on the publication of the calendar .
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a beautiful work of art .
Models can submit their pictures online or in person at an open casting call in Los Angeles and New York .
Turkey : The Kurdish community expects mass migration
&quot; Those who do not adapt and praise Erdogan are sitting on packed suitcases , &quot; says Ercan Karakoyun , Chairman of the Gülen @-@ related Foundation Dialog und Welt .
The Kurdish community in Germany expects tens of thousands of asylum seekers to flee Turkey to Germany in the short term .
In the medium term , it could even be &quot; a few hundred thousand , &quot; according to the association &apos;s chairman , Ali Toprak .
As a result of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan &apos;s crackdown following the attempted coup , the Kurdish community in Germany is expecting a mass flight to Germany .
&quot; In the short term , I expect tens of thousands of asylum seekers from Turkey to come to Germany , and in the medium term , a few hundred thousand from Turkey , if the Erdogan regime continues to fight minorities and the democratic opposition , &quot; said Ali Toprak , head of the association , of Friday &apos;s &quot; World . &quot;
Because the government covered Kurdish strongholds with punitive actions months ago , 500,000 Kurds have fled within Turkey .
After the failed coup , secular and opposition ethnic Turks would be added .
Many in Europe will want to start over if they continue to be oppressed in Turkey .
&quot; It cannot be that a state that takes in refugees itself produces refugees in its own country , &quot; Toprak said .
The association &apos;s leader lamented the targeted location of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish cities , but also in Alevian cities .
By doing so , Erdogan wanted to increase the pressure on the remaining Kurds to leave .
&quot; They are the last large minority in Turkey , the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been exterminated or expelled in the last hundred years , &quot; said Toprak , who is also a member of the CDU .
The head of the association demanded that the federal government &quot; take as strong a stand as Austria against Erdogan and his supporters . &quot;
In Germany , too , there is a &quot; witch hunt &quot; against Erdogan critics .
For the first time in recent months , I no longer feel safe in Germany .
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the flight of many Turks abroad .
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany , especially Kurds and opposition figures .
Labelling as a Gülen follower destroys teachers and other academics &apos; professional existence .
&quot; Those who fail to adapt and praise Erdogan are sitting on packed suitcases , including Kemalists and seculars , &quot; said Ercan Karakoyun , Chairman of the Gülen @-@ related Dialogue and Education Foundation , the &quot; world . &quot;
According to figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior , even before the coup , the Turks constituted the largest group of asylum seekers in Germany who were recognised for political persecution .
As of the cut @-@ off date of 30 June , this had been 11,386 people , which is just under 29 percent of all those recognised as eligible for asylum ( 39,625 ) .
This survey does not include those who have fled war , poverty or lack of prospects .
According to the Basic Law , the right to asylum is exclusively a matter of politics , that is , of the state , of individual persecution .
Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania : &quot; Go where it hurts . &quot;
Bizarre Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania : The locals are not aware of the summer election campaign - and the holiday makers from North Rhine @-@ Westphalia are not allowed to choose the state parliament .
In Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania , they understood .
In 2021 , the regional elections will not take place directly at the end of the summer holidays , the Schwerin Parliament decided at the beginning of the year .
Because we cannot be more stupid than we have been up to now : summer holidays , heat and a national election campaign - that bites .
The locals , who are supposed to be convinced by the election campaigns , are on holiday .
Most of the holidaymakers who are in the country , travelling on Usedom , Rügen or Hiddensee , are not locals , so they are not allowed to choose the provincial parliament .
There are also practical problems : during the holidays , helpers who hang up posters , blow balloons , distribute flyers and ultimately count votes are difficult to find .
Until September 4 , 2016 , the election day and the last holiday day , Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania must go through yet another election campaign close to the people .
The hot phase , if that can be said at all , has just begun .
And it is also about something : Prime Minister Erwin Sellering , leader of an SPD / CDU coalition , must fear for his position .
The SPD , the strongest party since 1998 , is now clearly behind the CDU in polls .
It will be exciting to see how much newcomer AfD scores and what remains of a coalition fit in the end .
Sellering , 66 years old and the head of government since 2008 , is conducting an almost unobtrusive election campaign , to say nothing of his big posters .
He travels around the country distributing roses and chatting a little with people , just as his legendary , meager predecessor Harald Ringstorff did .
Otherwise , Seelering has got cold feet and blames Chancellor Merkel for the blooming of the AfD .
Her refugee policy , her &quot; we can do it , &quot; has accelerated the rise of right @-@ wing populists , which will probably cost him his beautiful job now .
The CDU , with its leading candidate , Interior Minister Lorenz Caffier , has already experienced what it is like to campaign in the right place at the wrong time .
She has twice invited German Chancellor Angela Merkel to large rallies ; Merkel is in the north @-@ east .
But the target group was wrong , it was more North Rhine @-@ Westphalia , Berlin and Saxony there than Mecklenburg and Western Pomerania .
&quot; There was probably a majority from other federal states , &quot; Vincent Kokert , Secretary General of the CDU in Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania , recently complained in the NDR .
But nor is it a pity to listen to Angela Merkel from other corners of Germany .
Otherwise , the Northeast CDU largely dispenses with the usual campaign stands in market places and in front of shopping centres with umbrellas and balloons .
This , Kokert says , only plays a &quot; minor role . &quot;
The Union , too , has realised that it is shattering the grassroots in the countryside , that it has to make a great effort to reconnect with the people .
You are like the Left , the SPD , the Greens : in the vast expanses of the country almost non @-@ existent .
The CDU campaigner Kokert &apos;s advice to his comrades @-@ in @-@ arms , however , is also self @-@ revealing : &quot; They must go where it hurts , where the people are : village festivals , golden weddings , every birthday party must be used . &quot;
Because the stakes are high , Sellering has now called on his SPD to campaign with a high degree of commitment .
In surveys the Social Democrats were last 22 percent behind partners CDU ( 25 ) and only just ahead of AfD ( 19 ) .
In the 2011 election , the SPD had clearly won by 35.6 percent , ahead of the CDU ( 22 ) .
The Greens , a small party with 7 % in the polls , are likely to make the leap into parliament .
They are turning a holiday emergency into a modern virtue and are largely transferring their campaign to the Internet .
The country &apos;s president Claudia Müller calls it &quot; online election campaign . &quot;
Otherwise , green campaigners will search for native voters among holidaymakers .
Silke Gajek , the top contender , is just curving through the lakes of Mecklenburg on a houseboat and thinks it &apos;s beautiful .
Your impression : &quot; Electoral holiday in Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania is not a punishment . &quot;
B27 Restoration : Restaurants are blocked
There is nothing wrong with the speed with which the B 27 is being cleaned up .
The people responsible for the construction work , which starts at 5.30 a.m. and only ends around 8 p.m. , are to be commended everywhere .
&quot; They &apos;ve done everything pretty badly , &quot; says Elvira Tetzlaff of the jet petrol station .
This is a super team .
There is no delay either .
At the beginning of the week the construction site was able to be moved to the south as planned , by the end of October everything should be ready .
There is also praise for the willingness of those responsible for the construction work to make concessions , for example when it comes to the establishment of emergency access routes .
Since the construction site moved south on Monday and the barrier on the asphalt road in Ofterdingen has also been lifted and the connection to Rottenburg has been restored , the traffic situation within the village has relaxed .
Citizens can now drive on the B 27 on both sides again from Ofterdingen .
The dodging traffic through the village seems to be declining .
&quot; In some cases , there have been considerable complaints , &quot; says Florian King , Deputy Chief Executive Officer in charge of traffic management of the rehabilitation .
The residents of Bachsatzstraße , Steinlach Road , Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to contend with more traffic noise , because many sidewalks sought out and trusted their navigators rather than signage .
As a result , some lorries dispersed into residential areas .
Since the speed limits were not observed either , the municipality increasingly requested the measuring vehicle from Mössingen .
&quot; There have been significant overruns , &quot; says King , who has been enquiring about the situation on the ground .
Two to three a minute have already been flash .
The fastest was 77 km / h in the Speed 30 zone .
Since the construction site has moved on , it has become calmer .
For the business people on the B27 , it is only a small consolation that the road is now open again for customers from Rottenburg .
Business people do not like to look in the cards .
But the fact that the B @-@ 27 &quot; s reorganisation has caused them a drop in sales is something that everyone who is asked reveals .
However , some are more and some are less affected .
For those who have less to do with the &quot; end customer , &quot; i.e. who produce for other companies , the reorganisation has little impact on them .
Thomas Sulz also speaks of a &quot; at most slight decline &quot; in the Maier dealership , but also admits that , of course , &quot; the running clientele is missing . &quot;
The pubs along the road are the most affected .
J. Albert Göhner , owner of the Steakhouse , formerly Krone , is very clear .
That is already a threat to existence .
Not only him , but all the restaurants &quot; hit hard . &quot;
The customers from Hechingen , Balingen and Rottweil were missing .
We have to be happy about every euro of turnover .
He puts the loss of sales at &quot; well over 50 percent . &quot;
Road rehabilitation had &quot; set back its operation by two years . &quot;
He had to lay off half of his staff .
If I had a company with 4 000 employees and half of them had been laid off , politics would have reacted differently .
Instead , when asked by Mr Göhner whether there could be any financial compensation , the President of the government , Mr Schmidt , replied that the restaurant would otherwise benefit from the advantages of the situation on the B 27 . Now it would also have to bear the disadvantages arising from the renovation .
Göhner knows from other counties where such things have been handled more generously .
For all complaints , Göhner is sure that his restaurant will continue to exist .
After all , the family business has been here since 1715 , pointing to its long history .
He can understand why other regular visitors are now less likely to turn a blind eye because of complicated traffic management .
If you can &apos;t drive here , it &apos;s beautiful elsewhere .
Göhner has no doubt that his regular clients will come back when the renovations are finished .
Despite the BSE and avian flu crises , Göhner considers the impact of the B 27 construction works on his customers to be the biggest crisis his restaurant has experienced in its long history .
Six months of construction work is already brutal .
Laws are constantly being rolled back in the name of combating terrorism .
After the recent attacks , Interior Minister de Maizière is now presenting a thick security package .
But what does toleration status have to do with terror ?
And what does the coalition partner have to say about all this ?
Thomas de Maizière gives the reconciler .
All his proposals are &quot; politically acceptable &quot; to the coalition partner , says the Federal Minister of the Interior when he presents his new security package .
You are not asking too much of anyone .
Other , more far @-@ reaching issues would first be discussed within the parties .
I am participating in that as well .
As Minister of the Interior , however , he wants results and an &quot; attainable consensus &quot; within the coalition .
After the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach , De Maizière took a little time before presenting his conclusions on security in the Republic .
But they are all the more extensive for that .
Some things are already known , announced and targeted : the fact that a new security authority is to deal with the cracking of encrypted communications is nothing new .
Nor does the fact that Germany has to implement several EU directives on passenger data and weapons law .
The call for more video surveillance and staff for the security authorities comes as no surprise either .
In part , de Maizière is launching a second attempt at proposals that could not previously be made with the SPD : he wants to criminalise the advertising of sympathy for terrorist groups and to strip jihadists with dual nationality of their German passport .
&quot; These are going to be difficult points for the SPD , &quot; the CDU man acknowledges .
Nevertheless , he believes that this is reasonable and is not demanding anything that does not stand a chance in the coalition partner anyway .
De Maizière also presents a few new ideas .
They are partly self @-@ contained : he is planning fast @-@ track procedures for deportations and more opportunities for detaining people before deportation .
Refugees who are specifically brought into the country should first have their smart phones checked and social media accounts revealed for security checks .
In condoning rejected asylum seekers , he wants to put some in an even worse position than before - for example , those who commit crimes or deliberately throw away their papers in order to hide their identity .
Some of this is politically and legally sensitive .
Some things also look half @-@ baked and leave questions unanswered .
And on a number of points - in the unequal treatment of those who have been sentenced , for example - the question arises : what does this actually have to do with security and terror ?
Yes , says de Maizière , it is important to distinguish between the issues of refugees and terror .
But it cannot be denied that the perpetrators of the Ansbach and Würzburg attacks were refugees .
Moreover , many people were concerned about security , given the high numbers of refugees .
And things that were deeply preoccupying people simply could not be ignored even in election campaigns .
There has been a huge focus on internal security .
First the attacks in the neighbourhood : Paris , Copenhagen , Brussels , Nice .
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach .
The uncertainty is great .
And yes , election campaigns are coming up .
The Union and the SPD are therefore placing themselves increasingly in a position where internal security is concerned .
In recent days , the two parties have been at each other &apos;s throats .
First a horrendous dispute about the equipment of the federal police , then about a collection of ideas on security policy from a number of Union interior ministers , in which the heads of the departments also demand a burqa ban and a renunciation of dual citizenship .
Here , too , De Maizière is striving for conciliatory tones .
He does not believe in abandoning the double pass .
We have calmed down the debate in Germany .
Reopening it would not make sense .
And he has constitutional concerns about a burka ban .
Whether his own package is constitutional at all points and whether it is actually &quot; reasonable &quot; for the coalition partner remains to be seen .
There is something in it that could cause a dispute .
But the SPD , too , is currently trying to make a name for itself when it comes to internal security .
Party leader Sigmar Gabriel is cautiously signaling his willingness to talk , saying , &quot; The SPD is prepared to talk about anything that will help to further increase security . &quot;
Volkswagen still manages to get away with it .
Despite diesel scandals , deliveries are rising worldwide .
But not all markets run smoothly .
In the recall campaign , there is a whistle about a term .
Volkswagen is starting the second half of the year more slowly with deliveries .
In spite of the diesel affair , Europe &apos;s largest car manufacturer can still show an increase this year thanks to its many brands and some well @-@ functioning markets .
In July , however , the core VW brand weakened mainly in Western Europe , putting a strain on overall sales once again , according to the listed company .
Worldwide , the VW brand sold 1.8 percent fewer vehicles in July with 449100 cars than in the previous month .
In Western Europe alone , which is the second most important market after China , sales were 14 percent down on the previous month .
Deliveries slumped by nearly one @-@ sixth in Germany &apos;s domestic market .
Jürgen Stackmann , Head of Brand Sales , attributed the weaker figures from July mainly to two sales days less in Europe .
Moreover , some core markets had been held back by &quot; changing economic conditions . &quot;
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey , the British vote to leave the EU also weighed on , explained one spokeswoman .
In the US , where the exhaust @-@ gas affair first escalated , there is also a minus .
The Chinese market is a major support to VW .
All in all , the mainly affected Lower Saxony household name is still getting off to a flying start as a result of the diesel scandal : after the first seven months , only 0.9 % of deliveries were cut to 3.37 million vehicles .
Group Sales Director Fred Kappler continued to show a sales bonus from January to July .
Volkswagen delivered 1.3 percent more vehicles during this period , and 5.904 million vehicles worldwide .
Volkswagen had manipulated exhaust gas tests with a software .
In Germany alone , VW is calling for around 2.5 million cars to be converted to the workshops .
In the course of the conversion , VW confirmed that the conversion of the cars would not have any negative effects .
There would be no deterioration in fuel consumption , CO2 emissions or engine power after the conversion of the vehicles .
After the conversion , the manufacturer issues customers with a &apos; guarantee certificate &apos; , but does not refer to it as a &apos; guarantee &apos; , as it was said in company circles on Friday .
This is because of legal niceties .
&quot; Focus &quot; had reported that Volkswagen is now after all granting its German customers a guarantee for converted diesel models .
This would have been confirmed last Monday by VW representatives in the Federal Ministry of Transport .
It was confirmed from the Ministry of Transport that this meeting took place .
&quot; VW has to comply fully with the requirements of my commission of inquiry and the KBA . &quot;
&quot; Deviations from this will not be accepted , &quot; declared Federal Minister of Transport Alexander Dobrindt ( CSU ) according to the Ministry .
VW has given a guarantee that fuel consumption , CO2 emissions or engine performance will not deteriorate after the conversion and that all type @-@ approval relevant vehicle values will remain unchanged .
Volkswagen itself , however , does not use the term &quot; guarantee , &quot; as it used to say in corporate circles .
Volkswagen sees the broad term &quot; guarantee &quot; as an opportunity for customers , for example , to come to a workshop six months after the conversion with engine damage - and to ascribe this to the new software , even if the damage has nothing to do with it .
It is also in the interests of the customer to prevent any other damage , which has nothing whatsoever to do with the exhaust scandal , from leading to uncertainty , as has been said , about possible guarantee regulations .
That is why VW does not use the term &quot; guarantee . &quot;
In the future , Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee will demand punitive interest from wealthy savers - as the second institution in Germany .
On Thursday , bank manager Josef Paul said : &quot; We are talking about only 139 customers who park 40 million euros in current or current money accounts . &quot;
The Federal Association of German Banks speaks of an isolated case and does not see this as a signal : ordinary savers would &quot; not have to fear paying penalty for their savings interest . &quot;
If banks hold money overnight at the European Central Bank ( ECB ) , they must pay it 0.4 % penalty interest .
Starting in September , Raiffeisenbank Gmund will charge private and corporate customers back this fee for deposits over 100,000 euros in current or current money accounts .
&quot; The first EUR 100 000 is available . &quot;
&quot; The next 100,000 will cost 400 euros a year in the future , &quot; said Paul .
For some time now , he has been guarding EUR 40 million , which could be taken from one day to the next and which he cannot use .
&quot; They are in my central bank account and cost 0.4 per cent , &quot; said the bank chief .
&quot; I cannot lay down EUR 4 000 for every million . &quot;
He is now passing on the costs according to the &quot; polluter pays &quot; principle .
Simply leaving the cash in the safes of the Raiffeisenbank would be far too dangerous : &quot; I &apos;ve seen four raids before , I don &apos;t want the fifth one ! , &quot; said the bank &apos;s board .
Most clients would understand and switch to other forms of investment .
Few moved to other banks .
The Bavarian Cooperative Society declared : &quot; The extreme monetary policy stance of the ECB incurs considerable costs for all banks . &quot;
Carrying them alone is &quot; not economically possible in the long term . &quot;
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account management , credit cards or transfers .
In 2014 , Thuringian Volks- und Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land , with its Skatbank branch , made the headlines with punitive interest on deposits of € 3 million or more .
Michael Kemmer , Chief Executive Officer of the Banking Association , said : &quot; We do not expect private customers to have to pay across @-@ the @-@ board fees for deposits ; competition among banks and savings banks in Germany is far too strong for that . &quot;
As one banker said , there is &quot; a clientele on Lake Tegernsee a little more richly endowed by wealth . &quot;
&quot; This can become a problem for a small bank &quot; if it guards money free of charge .
The cooperative bank Gmund , founded in 1911 , has branches in Bad Wiessee , Rottach @-@ Egern , Kreuth and Tegernsee .
Famous actors , athletes and entrepreneurs live in the region .
The Bavarian Cooperative Association &quot; currently does not know of any other banks that charge an excess for retail deposits , &quot; said Ernst .
The president of the German Association of Popular Banks and Raiffeisen Banks ( BVR ) , Uwe Fröhlich , declared at the end of June : &quot; The threshold for negative behaviour towards the private customer is very , very high . &quot;
Competition is fierce , and there is a threat that investors will migrate to compete .
Customers in Germany will not put up with this to a large extent .
Destination records : who is actually buying records ?
Lonely middle @-@ aged men love records .
Before you rush to the commentary section to inject harsh insults into it under the pseudonym Non @-@ Alledonym of Lonely Men &apos;s Medieval Age , this statement is derived from current data .
According to YouGov , the much @-@ talked @-@ about revival of records is due not to a boom in millennials who want to welcome the novelty of physical objects , but to midlife nostalgia .
Those who have recently bought a plate are most likely aged between 45 and 54 .
Indeed , the 18 @-@ 24 age group is the least likely buyer .
It is also not a hoard of amateur collectors - it has an emotional meaning : older record buyers keep their feelings for themselves ( 56 % vs. 53 % ) and enjoy spending time alone ( 69 % vs. 66 % ) .
But are the results of YouGov right ?
If this blog were a television news story , the camera would follow me as I walk in the middle of a busy street in Soho , wearing a modest grey suit and stuffing wild before I stop , holding my hands and saying something defining : &quot; So , let &apos;s take a closer look at it . &quot;
So let us take a look at it .
Even if the heart of Sohos is slowly losing its charm - hotels , restaurants , and offices are now filling the buildings that once housed independent sellers - there is still a handful of fantastic record stores .
I would probably ask the cameraman to turn off the camera for the next part , where I am in close proximity to various men in such shops and try to assess their age and mood by observing them .
Stuart from Glasgow , 55 , whom I follow from Sister Ray ( data number : two young women , three middle @-@ aged men ) to Reckless Records ( data number : eight middle @-@ aged men , one woman , presumably around the age of 20 ) , is a day in London for a meeting and goes through the shops to fill the few hours .
Is he a collector , I ask ?
&quot; I appreciate it , &quot; he says .
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates .
These records , pictured above ( he sent me the snapshot by e @-@ mail , I didn &apos;t follow him home ) , cover the walls of his living room .
The reason he owns such a considerable number of albums and singles is the result of his available income : he is now able to buy records that he could not afford when they appeared and buy again items that he sold when he was young and broke .
&quot; Many of the things I buy are from the late 60s , early 70s , when I was 11 or 12 , things that I was probably a little too young to buy , &quot; he says .
He agrees that those who buy records are more introverted and like to spend time alone , and adds : &quot; I don &apos;t smoke and I don &apos;t drink very much .
That is my vice .
Wez , 25 , who works at Sister Ray , also believes that many of the customers he meets apply to the YouGov profile .
However , he also noticed a new wave of people influenced by the media hog , people who heard about the comeback and felt prompted to buy their old records again .
From the conversations I have had , people usually got rid of their collection around 1998 or 1999 .
Customers who once sold their records to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their records again , &quot; he says .
That would explain the boom in fans of record revival of a certain age .
But what about the supposed emotional meaning of records ?
It only takes a few seconds in a store like Phonica to realize that record stores offer a reassuring community of like @-@ minded people .
According to Wez , some of the older customers took offence at the contactless payment system .
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to stability from familiar record covers , from objects that evoke happy youth memories .
&quot; I think sometimes it can be the filling of a void or the possession of material possessions as a kind of comfort , &quot; says Wez .
That is the case with me as a collector and I think it is the case with a lot of people .
It is an easy way to get mentally involved .
&quot; We are like their social workers ! &quot; one member of staff flutes from a pile of plates .
A survey by the ICM in April revealed that almost 50 % of the people who bought a record last month have not yet listened to it .
The survey also found that 41 % have a record player they never use , while 7 % of those who buy a record do not own a record player .
At this point in the news story , I would probably look very worried as I scroll through a stack of Bossa Nova compilations .
Jonny , 42 , who works on Sounds of the Universe ( data count : three middle @-@ aged men ) , noticed a &quot; trophy aspect &quot; of the revival .
&quot; Someone came in very recently and said , &quot; I don &apos;t own a record player , but I would like to buy a Radiohead record so I can put it on the shelf , &quot; he says .
This is not a large percentage , but it is definitely happening .
More product @-@ heavy , less music @-@ class .
We have people who say , &quot; I don &apos;t have a record player . &quot;
These are younger people , not older people , who are only slowly coming in .
Fopp , which has devoted almost an entire floor to the records , has a more colourful audience than I enter .
There are couples around 70 , tourists taking photos , teenage boys and middle @-@ aged women .
Even if the atmosphere is a little less relaxed than in the above shops - wild beasts of the latest synthesizer and sexpacked pop roar out of the speakers instead of experimental jazz - it is good to see such diversity among customers .
None of them looks very lonely , but gnawing mental traumas are hard to detect when standing next to someone for 30 seconds .
Elanora , 27 , has been running around in the shop for a few minutes looking at the variety of plates for sale .
It is more like a shop window shop than a large @-@ scale purchase .
It does not earn much , so collecting plates is not a real option , she says .
It costs a lot .
It &apos;s easy to listen to music from a computer or in other ways , but the beauty of records is ... &quot; she drives with a loving sigh .
I don &apos;t know how to explain it - it &apos;s really unique .
My last stop is a store that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers : Urban Outfitters .
While I seem to be patching the jeans hotpants , I see a group of young teenage girls clustering around Polaroid cameras for a moment before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley record player .
To the left is a staircase , a wall full of records of Adele , Jeff Buckley , Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac : a mixture of contemporary music and classics that are essential for an average collection .
No one looks at them - perhaps because they are merely decorative , some so high up that it is impossible to touch them .
It is pure &quot; record art . &quot;
But , given that any attraction for these items could mean more money for the industry and send some customers to the depths of Sohos for more , there is nothing to complain about .
It is no surprise that a population that has more time and money than others is also the one that spends the most on luxury items like plates .
Even though my research has shown that YouGov &apos;s results are correct , they do not take into account , at least in record stores in Soho , the large number of female collectors and record lovers that exist in reality , record stores and on online forums .
These people are probably working hard at school or in offices .
They certainly don &apos;t spend their Thursday morning strolling through record stores on Berwick Street and leafing through records , while avoiding the gaze of an eerie , 30 @-@ year @-@ old false moderator hanging over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle @-@ aged men .
The Greenland Shark is the longest living vertebrate - video report
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet .
Julius Nielsen , who studies sharks , says that the record was for a female which is believed to be between 272 and 512 years old and five metres long .
French court rejects an offer to demolish shops in the jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected an offer by the authorities in Calais to demolish dozens of temporary shops and restaurants in the jungle of Calais , where thousands of refugees live .
In a court case this week , the authorities in Calais argued that the state should be allowed to demolish 72 temporary stores in which people inside the camp sell goods , from cigarettes to energy drinks , provide hairdressing services , or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40 pence ) , or simple meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants .
The Prefecture of Calais argued that these places should be torn down because they would constitute a parallel economy , from which no taxes would be paid and which pose a risk of fire and sanitation .
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important because the free meals offered by the government @-@ sponsored association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp .
They also said that the temporary shops and restaurants would often provide accommodation and free meals for people in need .
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for expelling people running the 72 provisional businesses , but admitted that the Calais Prefecture &apos;s concerns were &quot; perfectly understandable . &quot;
Judge Jean @-@ François Molla said that grocery stores , cafes and restaurants would play a much greater role than merely feeding people who &quot; live in extremely precarious conditions . &quot;
He said that the areas provide calm meeting places between refugees and volunteers .
One of the places threatened with demolition was the Jungle Book Kids &apos; Café in the camp , which is run as a non @-@ profit organisation and offers 200 meals a day , English and French classes , and advice on asylum matters for the hundreds of vulnerable , unaccompanied minors in the camp .
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to preserve the Kids &apos; Café .
A letter to the Guardian said that closure would be &quot; a disaster for these children , the most recent of whom are eight years old . &quot;
On Friday , two aid agencies , Help Refugees and L &apos;Auberge des Migrants , estimated that the number of people living in the jungle camp had risen to more than 9,000 - the highest number so far - following a sharp increase in newcomers over the summer .
Despite the Disappointment of Olympic Games : Martin Remains Struggle
Despite his disappointing performance at the Olympic Games , cycling pro Tony Martin does not want to be beaten .
&quot; I keep an eye on the World Cup , remain confident and fight on , &quot; the 31 @-@ year @-@ old wrote on Facebook on Thursday before leaving Rio de Janeiro .
He does not have an explanation for his wretched twelfth place in sugar .
&quot; Frankly , I find it difficult to comment on yesterday &apos;s timing , &quot; Martin said .
He must analyse calmly what the reasons for the debacle were .
At the World Championship in October in Qatar Martin wanted to fight for the title .
&apos;I will look closely at everything we have changed in recent times . &apos;
&quot; This includes my position , &quot; wrote the three @-@ time World Champion , who had lost more than three minutes to Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara ( Switzerland ) on Wednesday at the 54.5 km .
Olympic Games : Tennis Professionals Misses Semi @-@ Final
The victory march of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarter finals of Rio : World Rankings 32 from Metzingen missed by a 1 : 6 , 1 : 6 against Monica Puig ( Puerto Rico / WTA No.
34 ) the semi @-@ final of the Olympic tennis tournament clearly .
Siegemund , plagued by back problems , only managed to get her impact through once and seemed anemic compared to previous rounds .
On Thursday , Angelique Kerber ( Kiel / No. 2 ) still had the chance to take part in the final round .
The Australian Open winner met British Johanna Konta ( No. 10 ) .
Tommy Haas was the last German tennis professional to win a silver medal in Sydney in 2000 .
Two German DTB starters in the quarter finals of summer games were last held in 1992 .
Never before has a German duo been in an Olympic singles semi @-@ final .
Group Comes in for Live Video Game Start @-@ Up
Watching other people playing video games is a giant leap forward - and Microsoft wants to benefit from that too .
The technology group buys the start @-@ up beam , which has specialized in this hobby .
The amount of money for the acquisition was not announced by Microsoft on Thursday .
Beam started with its offer only in January and already has more than 100,000 users .
You can watch others play , but also intervene yourself .
For example , they can give up missions and confront enemies , as well as provide equipment .
Game giant Activision Blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming e @-@ sports world .
Facebook is supposed to help you on your way to the global media event .
The advertising industry is already paying attention .
According to Beam co @-@ founder and CEO Matt Salsamendi , the startup staff , previously based in Seattle , Washington , USA , are moving to Microsoft headquarters in Redmond , California .
For customers , therefore , the acquisition should not change anything .
According to Microsoft , Beam will be integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console .
The market for live streaming of video game activities is currently growing rapidly .
Well @-@ known platforms are Twitter and YouTube Gaming .
Twitch was bought in 2014 by the online dealer Amazon - for almost a billion dollars .
YouTube Gaming belongs to Google &apos;s mother Alphabet .
Here comes the Enforcement Trailer .
Germany &apos;s lasers have to adapt to the next generation of speedometers : In several federal states , including Hesse and Brandenburg , new lightning devices are being tested to transfer speed drivers particularly effectively .
The futuristic Enforcement Trailers from Vitronic in Wiesbaden can , for example , be used in accident areas , where it would be too dangerous for mobile measurement by the police .
At motorway construction sites , for example , or bridges with temporary speed limits to be repaired , there is often no necessary infrastructure to ensure compliance with speed limits using a fixed speed camera .
However , a permanent mobile structure can be too dangerous or expensive .
The Enforcement Trailer is self @-@ sufficient : its battery lasts five days in continuous measurement operation , and the case data is transmitted encrypted via a modem .
Laser measuring technology also allows all vehicles to be recorded in multiple lanes at the same time .
Variable speed limits can also be monitored , as well as transit bans by time , lanes and class of vehicle .
According to the manufacturer , when the trailer is in high gear , you can move it with any car with a trailer coupling .
In order to prevent it from simply being stolen , it is lowered in measuring mode , so that the wheels disappear into the armored and , incidentally , shot @-@ proof outer shell .
In addition , a built @-@ in alarm system is supposed to protect the speed camera from vandalism .
According to Vitronic , the trailer has been tested in several federal states since 2015 and is now being used .
Foreign authorities are also flashing with the new technology : France recently ordered 100 pieces , following an order for 150 last year .
Britain Goes Silver in 7 Rugby after Fiji Masterclass Gold
Britain &apos;s impressive performance in the 7th rugby came to an abrupt halt in the final on Thursday evening at the last hurdle , Fijis , when they were defeated with a score of 43 @-@ 7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio .
Fiji awarded a master class in handling , side @-@ stepping , post @-@ processing , line @-@ running and brute force to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any colour .
Defeat was sweetened by the silver medal &apos;s not @-@ so @-@ bad consolation prize - Britain &apos;s fourth that day - and they could be proud of their efforts in this tournament , where they beat New Zealand , Argentina , and South Africa .
The clear defeat of the Boks , 7 @-@ 5 in the semi @-@ final on the same day , could fall back on them in the final .
Irrespective of that , Fiji would have beaten a 15 @-@ man team in the best possible form .
It could be a consolation to the UK - but probably will not be - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji &apos;s chief coach Ben Ryan , the former head of England from Wimbledon .
GB has had a difficult journey .
They lost every game with Adelaide Sevens under Ryan eight years ago .
Here , they lost only one .
That blow will hurt , but the progress is amazing .
Fiji started wonderfully and let GB &apos;s attacks pop up for fun .
The World Series winners went up 5 @-@ 0 when Osea Kolinisau hit the corner , feeling like they were walking on buses for Captain Tom Mitchell and company .
With another four minutes of playing time , Jerry Tuwai added another right @-@ hand attack , which he converted .
12 @-@ 0 and GB barely touched the ball .
A magnificent torch of Mitchell stopped the mountain of man Leone Nakarawa to reach a third goal , but it only stopped Fiji .
In the seventh minute , Jasa Veremalua leaked a touchdown in the right corner and it stood 0 @-@ 17 for GB .
Nakarawa added a new one since the reunion and there was still over a minute playing time ... in the first half .
Vatemo Ravouvou rushed through further weak tacklings of the GB team and stormed all the way to the line to score a goal .
The conversion brought a 29 @-@ 0 until the break .
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7 while GB is still learning .
So it is .
GB made fundamental changes at half time and filled the fijian gap ... for as long as four minutes , which was good for the conditions of the first half , until Josua Tuisova went through after a brilliant interplay by Fiji .
Dan Norton started an attempt for GB , made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36 @-@ 7 , but the game has long been in favor of the South Seas islanders , whose fans sang , waved flags and danced in the gallery .
It wasn &apos;t hard to admire Fiji &apos;s playful approach .
Mata Viliame put the icing on the cake with another attempt in the last few seconds .
The whistle sounded , the fijis hugged themselves and GB kicked wrecked in the grass .
Earlier that day , Fiji had defeated Japan by 20 @-@ 5 in the semi @-@ final , and Britain pushed South Africa out of the race in a narrow semi @-@ final match - Britain &apos;s transformation of the difference .
Kyle Brown brought the Boks to the front in the first half , but Dan Norton broke through the line with an impressive foot work and scored a goal under the posts in the second half .
A brilliant late tacking by Marcus Watson , the brother of Anthony of the English 15 @-@ Aside team , secured the win - and thus the silver medal .
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning were inspired to win the rowing championship by fighting the trainer &apos;s cancer .
There will be no more emotinous gold than in these games , and that means what .
From the first rowing blow to the last , 220 hard Hieve that go down in history , Helen Glover and Heather Stanning took on additional significance in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa .
Even if it was only the two who were at the helm , there were three voices on the boat , and the echo of coach Robin Williams was everywhere when they rowed the second Olympic gold in a row , the first woman in the history of British sport to set such a standard .
Their domination was absolute , at least their 39th undefeated effort , which is also unprecedented .
What we see are two brilliant athletes gliding over the surface with the elegance of swans , which does not entirely reflect the nature of triumph .
Behind every gold in the rudder is a battalion of willing helpers who contribute to the incremental advances that make the difference , and it was no more an assistant than the coach who did not know 30 months ago whether he would survive that day at all when he was diagnosed with cancer .
As he said , it was risky .
I had bladder cancer , which is operable , and they did .
If you do not , it will spread everywhere .
It would have been quite a bad situation .
It changes the outlook a little .
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013 .
The trio were lucky to be able to start treatment at the beginning of 2014 , off @-@ season , which kept the interruption to a minimum , if that is the right term in such circumstances .
I needed money , so I had to get better soon .
It was an incentive .
I was in the hospital and ran around on the station - 20 feet , 30 feet , 50 feet at a time when they said that some steps would suffice .
That is how it starts .
Rowing is a challenge in itself , but that makes it an even greater challenge .
In the immediate aftermath of the victory , her first thoughts went to Williams , who spent a nerve @-@ wracking morning talking a little more than usual , trying to deal with his own fears .
Stanning , who was on assignment in Afghanistan as captain of the Royal Artillery Regiment , said , &quot; I was an emotional wreck this week ; it may be an extreme thing , but it means so much . &quot;
It just repeats how much it means to me , how much I and Helen and also Robin have worked .
It was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin .
Without Robin we would not be anyone , so a big thank you goes to him , he is the best coach in the world .
I couldn &apos;t have asked for a better person to train or a better trainer .
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the last five years .
The pair had a hard rhythm that their opponents could not match .
Even in the last 500 meters , when teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to catch up , Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve .
We were very locked up at the moment .
Helen called &quot; stay in the process , stay in the process . &quot;
It is really important not to get carried away .
We got off to a good start and , at the same time , we were not out to do anything great .
We did not want fireworks today , we simply wanted a good result , we wanted to go out and win the race , which we did .
The couple will take time off for a year before making decisions about their future .
Glover has to appear next week at a wedding , her own with TV adventurer Steve Backshall .
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment .
I didn &apos;t want to say this was my last race .
That would have meant too much pressure .
In London , it took about six months to realise that I am an Olympic champion .
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed .
Here it took about four minutes .
It feels so much better , &quot; she said .
Clarity has been exemplary for 31 years
The managing director of the Water Utility Association &quot; Veitensteingruppe , &quot; Ruppert Göller , retires .
The association is regarded as a &quot; model throughout Bavaria . &quot;
A small Franconian drinking water use association as a model for the big water producers .
Some time ago , this was the original tone of an article on Bavarian radio .
Not long after , the Water Forum honored the Lower Franconia government for its purpose .
The work of the Veitensteingruppe is considered &quot; exemplary throughout Bavaria . &quot;
Behind all this is Rupert Göller , who worked for 31 years in the Zweckverband , including 28 years as Managing Director .
Now he has retired at the age of 65 .
The Drinking Water Utility Association of the Veitenstein Group , based in Kottendorf , Municipality of Breitbrunn , produces around 150,000 cubic metres of water per year and supplies 32 villages and hamlets with around 5500 inhabitants .
Member municipalities are the municipalities of Kirchlauter , Breitbrunn , Lauter , Ebelsbach and the town of Baunach .
There are water supply contracts for other towns and communities .
The current Chairman , Breitbrunn &apos;s Mayor Gertrud Bühl ( FW ) , reminded us that Rupert Göller was appointed water guard in 1985 and was appointed Managing Director of the association as early as 1988 .
&quot; His duties have been very diverse , ranging from water mains construction and maintenance work to office and organisational activities , household planning , charging and contributions to weekend emergency operations , &quot; said the chair .
Outstanding events were the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells ( 1994 ) , the purchase of land in the area of the new wells ( 1998 ) and compensation for farmers , the renovation of the high @-@ altitude reservoirs ( 1999 ) , the purchase of a central computer control system ( 2004 ) and the partial renovation of water pipes .
There has been no standstill and innovations have been introduced time and time again , because water is life and drinking water is the most important food .
In her laudatio she praised Göllers faithful , reliable and correct service for 31 years .
He has put a great deal of effort into his Water Utility Association and he has truly lived the Water Service Association as if it were his own business .
A few weeks ago , as a true practitioner , he had the opportunity to present the Veitenstein Group &apos;s concept for reducing nitrates to the Water Forum in Lower Franconia .
He has received a lot of recognition and praise for that .
Rupert Göller , for his part , praised Water Patron Alfonso Griebel , who worked with him for 28 years .
He is the best water keeper and he was a loyal scarce .
Together we were an unbeatable team .
From his point of view , he described the construction of the well and the restructuring of the functional association as highlights .
The biggest challenge and the most difficult use , however , was the break @-@ up of the pipe at the high container at Kirchlauter on January 3rd .
Here , at minus 17 degrees , we had to work all night to supply the villages with water .
The supply of Neubrunn could also only have been maintained once , because the high @-@ pressure container was filled with hoses from Pettstadt .
The management of the Drinking Water Purpose Association has been handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter , who will succeed Rupert Göller .
Soprano Anna Netrebko deals openly with her son Tiago &apos;s autism - and turns to other affected parents : &quot; They need to have the courage to talk about it . &quot;
&quot; Medicine has made great progress , &quot; said the 44 @-@ year @-@ old Italian newspaper &quot; Corriere della Sera . &quot;
When the disease was discovered in her son , she thought she had to die .
However , eight @-@ year @-@ old Tiago has made good progress and is now learning privately in New York , where the best therapists are available .
&quot; To give an example , when I ask him something that happened two years ago when I sang at Scala in Milan , he does not remember anything , &quot; Netrebko said .
But he is the happiest man on earth .
Tiago comes from Netrebko &apos;s connection with the bass baritone Erwin Schrott .
She is now married to the tenor Yusif Eyvazov .
Relationship in Bargteheide - Man Shoots Her Life Partner
On Friday , at about 10.45 a.m. , a 35 @-@ year @-@ old man shot his partner in a multi @-@ family house in Bargteheide , Stormarn county , and killed her .
&quot; The man called us and said he had shot his partner , &quot; said a police spokeswoman .
The perpetrator is on the run ; after him , a public search is carried out .
Meanwhile nationwide , because Sven S. could be traveling by car .
The man is about 1.80 meters tall , muscular , brown @-@ fired and has a bald patch .
Meanwhile , the police have published a photo of him .
It is , however , a few years old .
Meanwhile , the man is wearing a bald patch .
The man is not to be approached directly .
According to the police , he could still carry the weapon with him .
Anyone who sees Sven S. should call the 110 .
The police speak of a &quot; relationship act . &quot;
The victim was born in 1988 , the perpetrator in 1981 .
At first , the competent police in Lübeck did not want to give details of the incident or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim , but they did confirm that a human being had been killed .
&quot; It is a killing offence . &quot;
&quot; That is all we are saying at the moment , &quot; said a police spokeswoman in Lübeck .
According to eye witnesses , a Special Operational Command ( SEC ) was at the scene of the crime .
A ray of hope for the German steel industry
The crisis @-@ hit and energy @-@ intensive German steel industry is spared millions in additional costs .
Financial burdens that threatened the industry from green electricity production are off the table .
The exemption from the renewable energy levy remains for existing installations for so @-@ called in @-@ house electricity production in the German steel industry , said Federal Minister of Economic Affairs Sigmar Gabriel ( SPD ) of the &quot; Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung &quot; ( WAZ , Friday edition ) .
&apos;I am really pleased that we have finally been able to achieve this after two years of tough negotiations . &apos;
The European Commission therefore initially planned to make steel producers who use gases from the blast furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption pay .
According to the German Industry Association , the steel industry was threatened with additional costs of EUR 120 to 240 million per year .
Gabriel told WAZ that there is now an agreement in principle with the EU Commission following talks with Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager .
Only when the generators in the steel works are replaced will an EEG levy of 20 per cent be incurred .
But even this is not collected in the steel industry .
The IG Metall welcomed Germany &apos;s agreement with the EU Commission on Self @-@ Power Generation .
This would to a large extent enshrine the status quo of the previous system .
Gabriel &apos;s successful efforts are of particular importance to the steel industry .
&apos;This is a first step in relation to our &apos; steel is the future &apos; campaign .
&quot; More must follow . &quot;
&quot; Climate and employment objectives must also be weighed up when it comes to reforming emissions trading , &quot; IG Metall CEO Jörg Hofmann declared in Frankfurt .
The steel industry in Europe has suffered from overcapacity and considerable price pressure since the 2008 financial crisis .
The situation was further aggravated last year when the world &apos;s largest producer country , China , threw massive amounts of steel onto the world market in the face of weakening domestic demand .
European manufacturers accuse Chinese steel companies of price dumping .
Over the course of this spring , the situation has calmed down somewhat .
On the one hand , import duties imposed on imported steel are having an effect and , on the other , the economic prospects in China have brightened .
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is .
Thyssen was the German industry leader on Thursday and remained cautious .
Most recently , prices would have stagnated again .
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions .
Thyssen krupp did not want to rule out the closure of individual plants either .
At the end of 2015 , the German steel industry employed around 86,000 people .
In July , German steel manufacturers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders .
At 3.4 million tonnes , they produced just over six percent less crude steel than in the previous month , according to the German Association of Steel and Steel on Friday .
After a short increase in May , the amount produced fell for the second month running .
Since the beginning of the year , production has been two percent lower than a year earlier .
Thanks to an improved order situation , the Association expects to see an increase in output in the coming months .
Community , Spirit , Health : Singing does Seniors Good
Singing has accompanied Ursel Kipp throughout her life : as a young girl she was in school choir , as a teacher she studied music , and today she sings in a senior choir .
&quot; Sing moves me - emotional and physical , &quot; she describes .
After a rehearsal , she says , she feels balanced , happy and , overall , more alive .
By the way , she is doing her health and mind good .
After all , singing is a great hobby for seniors from several perspectives , says Erhard Hackler of the German Senior Citizens League .
Most senior citizens sing in the choir and share the joy of music with like @-@ minded people , describes Hackler .
By being together regularly , senior citizens can make and maintain social contacts .
Because social and family structures often disintegrate in old age and a choir is then an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people .
Ursel Kipp also had this experience in her choir : &quot; To consult and organize , to be able to rely on each other and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of association . &quot;
Singing can be exhausting in a positive sense , Hackler says .
Seniors practice a deep and controlled breathing .
Those who regularly challenge their lungs do not get out of the doldrums so quickly , even in everyday life .
Even when it comes to maintaining the sound of voice in old age , singing is an optimal hobby .
According to Ursula Lenz of the German Association of Senior Citizens &quot; Organizations , singing often has a very special effect on older people .
In the older generations , singing together was much more important ; it was part of everyday life , both at school and at leisure , she explains .
Lenz often observes that singing or listening to songs awakens many memories in older people , often associated with positive feelings of their youth .
Song lyrics , and especially melodies , remind people with dementia of events long ago .
When singing , Lenz explains , the head is also required to perform particularly well .
Focusing simultaneously on one &apos;s own voice and on a given rhythm , while adapting to the other singer , is a major cognitive challenge .
Older people in particular , who live alone , practice so that they do not just focus on themselves .
Another positive aspect is the recognition you get from singing in the choir , Hackler says .
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise .
The sense of self @-@ worth also grows through singing in a choir .
To show oneself : If I practice for a long time for something , I get better and grow beyond myself - to strengthen this experience .
So there are plenty of good reasons to start singing .
If you want to try a new hobby , don &apos;t hesitate - even if you think you have little talent , Lenz advises .
You don &apos;t sing alone - with 50 singing people , who can hear when a sound goes by ?
According to Hackler , senior citizens have various options when looking for a suitable offer .
If someone from your circle of friends sings in a chorus of old people , you can simply join in .
Many cities also offer overviews of the choirs in the area .
If you want to sing in a church choir , you can contact the congregation or the head of the church directly .
Many senior choirs can also be found on the Internet .
Those who do not have access to the Internet can ask their family , friends or neighbours for help in searching the Internet .
Hackler advises those who are interested in singing to definitely join a choir .
Singing is good for the soul and has something liberating - this applies to all ages .
Cats are more sensitive than cats to the cries of the young .
Biologists in Hanover have studied the effect of calling cat babies on adult animals .
To their surprise , the mice did not leave the males cold either - however , they always behaved the same as the females .
Female cats can recognize the irritation level of cat babies by the miking of the little ones .
They react ten per cent faster to sounds from kittens who think they are in great need , as scientists from the Veterinary College and the Medical College Hannover ( MHH ) have found out .
Dogs also react to the calls of kittens - but always the same .
MHH biologist Wiebke Konerding said : &quot; Obviously , the acoustic differences between masculine masculine masculine masculine masculine masculine masculine masculine masculinity are either invisible or insignificant .
She is the first author of the study published this Friday in the trade journal &quot; BMC Evolutionary Biology . &quot;
In a previous study , the research team had already found that the duration and pitch of the kitten cries vary with the urgency of their need for help .
A total of nine adult males and eight females from the MHH breeding were observed .
On the one hand , they were played off with cries from little ones who were taken out of the throw box for three minutes and separated from their mother and siblings .
On the other hand , they were confronted with calls from more excited kittens , which were raised in addition .
Researchers believe that their findings are meaningful , despite the small sample .
&quot; All females , even those who didn &apos;t have their own offspring , reacted differently to the screams , &quot; Konerding said .
They turned more quickly to the loudspeaker when it was playing the calls of the more animated kittens .
This ability may be congenital or develop with sexual maturity .
&quot; One surprise was that the males responded at all , &quot; said the biologist .
Scientists have , on several occasions in the past , examined men &apos;s and women &apos;s reactions to baby sounds .
Again , some studies showed that women were more sensitive to infants , whether they were already mothers or not , biologist Marina Scheumann reported .
Podolski grabs Supercup with &quot; Gala &quot;
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey .
A warrant has been issued in Turkey for the arrest of the former football star Hakan Sükür .
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group .
For the first time since the attempted coup , an important football match is again taking place in Turkey .
Before the duel between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski &apos;s Galatasaray Istanbul over the Supercup in Konya , the official line is clear : &quot; Business as usual &quot; is on .
Even when the state of emergency was declared after the attempted coup in July , the government claimed that ordinary people &apos;s everyday lives should not be affected .
However , this does not apply to those suspected of belonging to the movement of the preacher Fethullah Gülen , who is held responsible for the attempted coup .
Football does not stop there , either .
The former cartoonist Hakan Sükür was arrested by the public prosecutor .
Thus , the despotism now living in America is accused of being a member of a terrorist group .
Sükür is said to be followers of Fethullah Gülen , who is blamed by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the attempted coup .
Although the initial 90 @-@ day state of emergency still applies until October , in fact it has virtually no effect on the lives of most Turks .
Nightly &quot; democracy guards &quot; in public places across the country declared Erdogan closed on Wednesday .
Sport , like the whole country , is divided between Erdogan &apos;s supporters and opponents .
Especially fans of the Besiktas Workers &apos; Club have not traditionally been among the president &apos;s friends .
What unites most Turks , however , in the face of dramatic historical experiences , is a firm rejection of military coups .
Even the fans agree - regardless of whether their hearts beat for Galatasaray or Besiktas .
The winner of the Cup &quot; Gala &quot; will be Lukas Podolski again .
The Cologne @-@ based player proved his sporting value in the past season : with 17 goals and nine templates in all competitions , the 31 @-@ year @-@ old ended his first season as top scorer for his club .
In the final match against Fenerbahce , he scored the 1 @-@ 0 victory .
The Fanatik newspaper cheered him : &quot; He was the best in the field . &quot;
He has finished the season in an excellent way and secured the trophy for his team .
Thanks to &quot; Poldi , &quot; the disappointing season for the record @-@ breaking champion ended on a conciliatory note .
After the preliminary knockout in the Champions League , the &quot; Lions &quot; also left early in the Europa League .
In the south Lig it was only enough to sixth .
The season was not good .
The Cup was the only way to win something .
&quot; We have achieved that and that is the most important thing , &quot; said Podolski .
For Champion Besiktas , the game year went better .
Most of all thanks to Mario Gomez , who set the stage for the 14th title with 26 season finals as Süper Lig goalscorer .
That is why fans continue to hope for the 31 @-@ year @-@ old &apos;s return .
After the attempted coup d &apos;état , Gomez , under contract with AC Florence and only lent to Besiktas , announced that he would not return after his Euro holiday due to the political situation in the country .
&quot; If Mario wants to come to us , all he has to say is , &quot; quoted club chief Fikret Orman from the trade magazine &quot; Kicker . &quot;
Orman made it clear , however , that the striker would have to be prepared to give up about a third of his annual salary , estimated at EUR 7.5 million : &quot; We cannot pay his salary at Florence . &quot;
Despite Doping : These athletes still have a chance to win medals at the Olympics in Rio
The 34 @-@ year @-@ old Justin Gatlin has already been banned twice for drug use ( 2001 and 2006 ) .
Rio de Janeiro - Whistle blogger Julia Stepanova is not allowed to start in Rio .
Other convicted track and field sinners can only laugh at it - they are fighting for medals in Rio .
The issue of doping continues to dominate the headlines at the Rio Olympics .
Yuliya Yefimova , a Russian swimmer who had claimed her right to start just before the Games after a ban on doping , was ruthlessly beaten up and booed at her start ( 100 metres breast ) .
It was a bizarre scene : with a smile on her face , she had still stumbled into the hall and had provoked with her performance .
When it was clear that she was not going to get gold , the audience erupted into a cheering storm .
But there are many other athletes who , despite the doping past , will be taking part in the Olympic Games in Rio .
Here is an outline :
Justin Gatlin ( 100 , 200 , 4x100 m relay / USA ) : The 34 @-@ year @-@ old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics .
He has already been banned twice for drug use ( 2001 and 2006 to 2010 ) .
Since his spell , the 2004 Olympic champion and former World Champion have been running even faster than before , more than 100 m in 9.80 seconds making him the number one in the world and the biggest challenger to Usain Bolt .
Shelly @-@ Ann Fraser @-@ Pryce ( 100 , 4x100 m relay / Jamaica ) : In 2010 , the two @-@ time Olympic champion and seven @-@ time World Champion had to serve a six @-@ month suspension after she had been shown to have taken the pain @-@ killing Oxycodon .
She had severe toothache after an operation , the 29 @-@ year @-@ old defended herself .
Sandra Perkovic ( Diskus / Croatia ) : In 2011 , the Olympic champion from 2012 , World Champion from 2013 and European Champion from 2010 to 2016 were tested positively for the banned stimulant methylhexanamine .
Perkovic denied taking it knowingly and was suspended for six months .
The four biggest litters this year are the result of the big gold favorite .
LaShawn Merritt ( 200 , 400 , 4x400 m relay / USA ) : The Beijing Olympic champion and twice world champion over 400 m , had been tested positive in 2010 and was locked up for 21 months .
A penis enlargement remedy was responsible , Merritt claimed .
This year , the 30 @-@ year @-@ old over 200 and 400 m is the fastest man in the world .
Iwan Tichon ( Hammer litter , Belarus ) : Few athletes were subsequently deprived of so many medals .
For example , Tichon lost his 2005 World Championship title nine years later when he found testosterone doping .
The meanwhile 40 @-@ year @-@ old also had to hand over Olympic silver in 2004 because of steroid doping and the 2006 European Championship because of testosterone abuse .
He also won back the bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games following a ruling by the International Court of Sports ( CAS ) .
At 80.04 m it is in second place in the world ranking .
Liu Hong ( 20 km Walk , China ) : The world record holder and gold favorite was only tested positive in May , but is still allowed to start in Rio .
Evidence of the use of a banned food supplement was found in the 29 @-@ year @-@ old World Cup champion , while the ban on the World Anti @-@ Doping Agency WADA was mild and ended on 13 July .
Bomb terror in Thailand - Austrian injured - Several dead
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman , said the Foreign Ministry spokesman , Thomas Schnöll , on Friday morning .
She had suffered cuts and had been treated in hospital , but was already able to leave it .
She planned her return trip at the beginning of September .
Whether the other explosions on Phuket as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani , Phang Nga , Trang and Chumphon also affect Austrian citizens is unclear for the time being .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is in constant contact with the local authorities in this regard , according to Schnöll .
In Hua Hin , approximately 200 kilometres south of Bangkok , two bombs first exploded on Thursday evening in an entertainment district .
According to the police , one Thai woman had been killed and about 20 people injured , including the Austrian woman , three Germans , three Dutch and three Italians .
On Friday morning , two more explosions went up again and , according to the authorities , another person was killed .
A bomb explosion was also reported from Phuket in the morning .
According to police , a taxi driver was injured during the detonation near the beach Patong , which is popular with tourists .
Another bomb then exploded in Surat Thani , on the south @-@ east coast of the country , killing an urban employee .
According to the authorities , the explosive device was blown up in a flower bed in front of the coastal police station .
Detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the south @-@ west coast and in Chumphon on the south @-@ east coast caused a number of injuries .
The explosion in Hua Hin is believed to be linked to this .
&quot; The bomb attacks bear the same hallmark , &quot; army general Danai Kritmethavee told journalists on Friday morning .
&quot; We assume that it is a coordinated attack . &quot;
It is too early to comment on possible motives , but they are probably the actions of Muslim rebels .
Thai media , too , wanted the attacks to reflect a pattern typical of Muslim separatist bombings in the south of the country .
The Thai police , on the other hand , said that the attacks were not linked to the Islamist insurgency or to international terrorism .
&quot; This is only local sabotage , limited to limited areas and provinces , &quot; said one speaker in Bangkok .
Rather , it is believed that the bombs were planted by opponents of the ruling military junta .
The authorities would have received intelligence reports in recent days of imminent attacks in the south of the country - but they were not aware of the exact timing and locations .
It is not yet clear which group is behind the attacks .
The police instructed their officials throughout the country to strengthen security around key government buildings , as well as airports , train stations , tourist attractions , restaurants and entertainment districts .
There are always smaller bombings in Thailand , but they are mostly not directed against tourists .
Hua Hin is home to a palace that has been used for years by Thailand &apos;s King Bhumibol Adulyadej .
Following the recent bomb explosions , the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs is recommending on its website that the Thai security authorities follow the instructions at all costs .
High security risk ( Level 3 ) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat , Yala , Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and the surrounding area .
After confrontations between the security forces and Muslim sections of the population , we advise against unnecessary trips to these provinces .
Increased security risk ( security level 2 ) applies to the rest of the country .
The attacks on Thursday and Friday came a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drafted by the military junta .
This gives the military great influence in the years to come as well .
Junta leader and prime minister Prayut Chan @-@ o @-@ cha said that the bombs were an attempt to create chaos as the country moves towards stability , an improvement in the economy and tourism .
The military junta that seized power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest prides itself on having restored stability and order to the Kingdom .
But the military has also failed to stem the Muslim insurgency that has been smouldering for years in the far south of the country .
More than 6.500 people have already been killed in the conflict .
Less than a year ago , in Bangkok , an attack on a popular Hindu shrine also killed 20 people - most of them foreign tourists .
It was the most bloody attack in the country &apos;s recent history .
The right @-@ wing &quot; Identitarian Movement &quot; has been targeted by the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection .
After several state offices , the constitutional protectors in the federal government have also monitored the group .
&quot; We see in the &apos; Identitarian Movement &apos; evidence of efforts against the liberal democratic order , &quot; said Hans @-@ Georg Maaßen , head of constitutional protection of the German Press Agency in Berlin .
Immigrants of the Islamic faith or from the Middle East are being vilified in an extremist way .
That is why we are watching the movement now .
The &quot; Identitarian Movement &quot; is a group with French roots that has also been active in Germany since 2012 .
It is directed against &quot; multiculturalism , &quot; &quot; uncontrolled mass immigration , &quot; and the &quot; loss of one &apos;s identity through alienation . &quot;
Constitutional defenders in nine federal states - Bremen , Bavaria , Hesse , Berlin , Baden @-@ Württemberg , NRW , Lower Saxony , Saxony and Thuringia - are already observing the &quot; identitaries . &quot;
He said that his authority had consulted closely with the national authorities in taking the decision .
&quot; Groups like the &apos; Identitarian Movement &apos; are trying to get their target group where it is , &quot; said the head of constitutional protection .
In general , extremists try to address them with youth @-@ oriented language , often with poppy music .
Both Islamists and right @-@ wing extremists would do that .
This is not an attractive advertisement for one &apos;s own cause .
The propaganda is meant to appeal to people emotionally .
Young people are particularly vulnerable to this .
This is dangerous .
Most recently , there had been reports from several German states of &quot; identitarian &quot; contacts with AfD politicians .
He meticulously said that he had no knowledge of this .
Possible contacts of this kind would only be relevant to constitutional protection at a certain point .
What matters is whether the party in question - in this case , the AfD - changes direction and becomes extremist through certain individuals who are extremists .
So what matters is whether such individuals have a controlling influence on the party .
There is no sign of that .
In view of the marked increase in rights @-@ based crime and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee accommodation , he said moderately that he would not yet speak of new right @-@ wing terrorism in this context .
In recent years , however , we have discovered that there can be legal terrorism structures .
There was the Old School Society group or the Friday Group .
It may well be that other right @-@ wing terrorist groups or micro @-@ groups are forming , planning attacks against asylum seekers , against refugee homes or attacks for other extreme right @-@ wing motives .
However , there is no evidence of a German or European @-@ wide control of legal terrorism .
The previous groups were created at regional level or in social networks .
There was concern that many assaults were committed by people who had not previously appeared on the right @-@ wing scene .
That is the worrying thing .
Many of those suspected of committing attacks on asylum accommodation were not previously known as criminals , politically motivated criminals or right @-@ wing supporters .
&quot; In other words , many people committed crimes that were previously completely unrelated to right @-@ wing extremists , who were perhaps politically indifferent or , for example , voted in favour of the CDU , the SPD or the Left , but who then radicalised themselves through extreme right @-@ wing sentiment . &quot;
Rio 2016 : Robel Kiros Habte Become Internethit
The Olympic Games are not always dominated by the Olympic athletes or world records .
This can be seen in the courageous performance of Robel Kiros Habte at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro .
In the Aquatics Center the slightly overweight Ethiopian swimmer floated so slowly that for a while he could not be seen in the TV pictures .
He simply disappeared - no matter how far the cutout was selected .
In the social networks , Habte subsequently became a viral Internet hit .
In fact , the 24 @-@ year @-@ old with a lag of 48 seconds finished his run @-@ up and finished 59th out of 59 competitors .
However , it was rather his not exactly sporting figure that attracted the attention of the international media .
Why does the 24 @-@ year @-@ old still take part in the Olympic Games ?
The Ethiopian was given a special starting right by the international swimming association .
This is being distributed to promote swimming in under @-@ represented countries .
Since most athletes run in orthopedics , Habte just wanted to do something different .
Preparation is everything : Robel Kiros Habte gets ready for the big race .
Quickly the first nicknames did the rounds .
Some media referred to him as the &quot; rouble of the whales . &quot;
Referring to a &quot; belly of prosperity , &quot; the English tabloid &quot; The Sun &quot; with &quot; Dad Bod &quot; made fun of him .
His time , beating only by one minute and almost five seconds over the 100 meters freestyle , did not matter .
Comparisons with &quot; Eric the Eel &quot; have also been made .
Eric Moussambani &apos;s run attracted media attention at the 2000 Sydney Olympics .
The appearance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea was unforgettable when he had to compete alone in a run @-@ up to 100 metres free style .
At the time , Moussambani was frenzied up .
The then 22 @-@ year @-@ old learned to swim only eight months before the Olympic Games and had never done such a long distance before the competition .
A Top Line seat for the breathtaking architecture of Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in downtown Los Angeles as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee , the authors of the new book &quot; Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture . &quot;
It is planned that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue Design as well as the 1993 Restoration and Amendment of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates .
The Salon is scheduled for August 21st at the Salle Moderne , Art Deco Southwestern School of Law , ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ) , 3050 Wilshire Blvd .
Visitors can visit the central hall , the stylish rooms , the cactus lounge and the tea room .
Pre @-@ sale tickets only ; SAH / SCC members , $ 15 ; non @-@ members , $ 25 .
An Open Industrial oft in DTLA Get A Cozy Makeover
We celebrate the 90th anniversary of the Central Library of L.A. with - what else ? - a new book .
Geretsried - The owner of a shop in Neuer Platz has been stolen .
According to the police , the 67 @-@ year @-@ old Geretsriederin had left her shop on Monday at around 5.30 p.m. and forgot to close a window on the ground floor .
When she came back at about 8.15 a.m. the next morning , about EUR 250 had disappeared from the till .
Traces of the perpetrator could not be found .
There is also no video surveillance .
Trump doesn &apos;t see the threat of defeat so narrowly .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a Florida campaign event .
If the election of the US president does not turn out well , Donald Trump already has an alternative video .
He will then go on holiday .
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November , he would care little about it : &quot; In the end , either it will work , or I have a very , very nice , long vacation , &quot; the Republican candidate said in a telephone interview with the US television station CNBC .
If , for political correctness , it is not enough for him in the end , that is fine , Trump said .
For example , he called US President Barack Obama and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton the founders of the Islamic State ( ISIS ) .
There has been growing opposition within his party recently .
Post Office Enteres the Electric Transporter Trade
An electric delivery vehicle from Deutsche Post in action .
The interest of other companies in the vehicle is obviously great .
Post Office plans to sell its StreetScooter electric vehicle as well .
The Group intends to start trading in the van shortly .
Starting next year , the Post Office will also offer its electric transporters on the free car market .
&quot; We want to enter into sales to third parties , &quot; said a postal spokesman on Friday .
The company has been checking for months whether it should sell its own StreetScooter , which is used to deliver letters and parcels , to other businesses .
Jürgen Gerdes , Chairman of the Post Office , had said that there were repeated requests , from craftsmen , for example .
According to the news magazine &quot; Der Spiegel , &quot; the Bonn Group intends to enter mass production of the vehicles shortly .
In its own production plant , the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars per shift per year .
Gerdes had announced that the Group would significantly expand its fleet of electric cars and , in the long term , would aim for a complete conversion to environmentally friendly vehicles .
&quot; We will take a very , very robust step towards 2020 , &quot; he said at the end of July .
I can imagine us converting the entire fleet .
The StreetScooter has been active on Germany &apos;s roads since 2014 .
GfK Management steps down after disappointing business figures
GfK , the consumer research company , has replaced its head Matthias Hartmann .
The resignations were sudden - but not entirely surprising .
The difficult situation of the market research company GfK led us to suspect that the longer the promised success is not achieved , the more uncertain CEO Matthias Hartmann &apos;s chair will become .
Turmoil at the head of the Nuremberg @-@ based market research company GfK : Following once again disappointing business figures and the resignation of the company management , the global number five in the sector is facing a new beginning in terms of personnel .
GfK &apos;s CEO plans to leave the company at the end of the year .
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board , Arno Mahert , is already leaving the Supervisory Board with effect from 12 September .
On 1 September , Gerhard Hausruckinger , a former member of the Board of Management , took over the leadership of the company .
He is to officially assume the role of &quot; CEO &quot; until a successor for Hartmann is found .
The company cited &quot; different views &quot; on its long @-@ term business policy orientation as the reason for the resignations .
A company spokesman on Friday did not want to give details .
It is still unclear who will head the market research company in the future .
Investors said on Friday that shareholders were most disappointed by the lack of success of the restructuring that was initiated years ago .
Mr. Hartmann has been at the top of GfK since 2011 .
&quot; The fruits of the restructuring , however , are still not visible after five years , &quot; it said .
Given the latest poor GfK business figures , any shareholder will at some point become restless .
&quot; If this were the case with BMW , the Quandts would do the same , &quot; they said .
The company had been unable to halt its decline in the second quarter of 2016 , following setbacks in the previous quarter .
At € 361.2 million , revenues were down 6.1 percent year @-@ on @-@ year .
Compared with the first half of the year , sales decreased by 3.4 percent to 721.2 million euros .
The profit in the second quarter was mainly impacted by the declining value of the company in view of its difficult economic situation .
All in all , the impairment charges of EUR 139 million that had become necessary in the Consumer Experience division resulted in a loss of EUR 148.2 million for the Group .
In the second quarter of 2015 , GfK had recorded consolidated profits of 19.7 million .
Accidents - bus slips into craters in trenches : eight injured
Eight people were injured on Thursday in an accident involving a coach carrying 43 senior citizens in Krummhörn ( Aurich County ) .
Two of the detainees suffered serious injuries , informed the police .
The 66 @-@ year @-@ old driver of the bus of a Eisenach tour operator was told that she had to avoid a truck , some of which was travelling on the opposite track .
As a police spokeswoman Aurich / Wittmund reported , the bus came to the right of the street and slipped into a moat .
&quot; Due to the location of the bus , people could not leave the bus on their own , &quot; she said .
The fire service set the inmates free .
Six ambulances and one emergency medical vehicle came to the scene of the accident on State Road 2 .
The uninjured travellers were taken back to the Pewsum district by a bus .
There they should wait for a replacement bus from the travel company .
The investigators asked the truck driver and possible witnesses to report to the police .
From 1 October 2016 , the fee per cubic metre of waste water for the Neudorf / Reuth / Welschenkahl sewage plant will be 3.44 euros instead of 2.10 euros ; for Zultenberg / Lindenberg / Lopp 3.36 euros ( 2.26 euros so far ) and for Azendorf 3.64 euros ( 2.18 euros so far ) .
At the Azendorf plant , the cost of wastewater will be increased again at the latest if appropriate improvements are needed .
After a rough calculation , the waste water price in Azendorf will be EUR 4.37 per cubic metre .
As Mayor Bernd Steinhäuser ( CSU ) reported , when the County Council Office of Kulmbach approved the budget , it was found that there were subwellings for these sewerage plants .
The Kasendorf market was legally obliged to cover the costs of the investments .
From 1 October 2016 , citizens , as well as businesses and industries in Welschenkahl , Neudorf , Reuth , Azendorf , Lopp , Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig deeper into their pockets .
The fee increases vary between 48 and 67 percent .
Management Director Herbert Schmidt pointed out to the Board that it was necessary to recalculate the fees for sewage treatment facilities in the market community .
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020 , overruns or undercuts from the previous calculation period should also be compensated .
Schmidt justified the serious increase in charges on the grounds that all three sewage plants were relatively small and had a very low volume of waste water , ranging from 6800 to 12000 cubic metres per year .
For example , due to the small distribution base , expenditure on necessary repairs amounting to several thousand euros would have a serious impact .
In addition , the volume of wastewater in all three plants has fallen slightly .
Furthermore , in the past calculation period , all three plants incurred a considerable amount of restoration and repair costs , not least because of their age .
The Azendorf plant is almost 30 years old , the Welschenkahl , Neudorf and Reuth plants as well as Zultenberg , Lindenberg and Lopp plants are almost 20 years old .
Schmidt pointed out that the mechanical ventilation system at the Azendorf sewage plant had to be replaced due to damage .
At the Welschenkahl pumping station , the almost 20 @-@ year @-@ old pumping equipment had to be completely overhauled , and at the Lopp water treatment plant , after almost 20 years of operation , the first sewage pond had to be dismantled , the sewage sludge disposed of and an additional ventilation facility installed in order to be able to continue to comply with water regulations .
Schmidt : &quot; In addition to these extraordinary expenses came the continued maintenance and maintenance costs , which must be taken into account accordingly in the new calculation period . &quot;
The same applies to electricity costs , which , according to the previous calculation in 2011 / 2012 , were still well below the current level .
Stone houses made it clear that the low volume of waste water in the three plants &quot; fully &quot; dissipated the costs of operation and maintenance .
Schmidt added that over the past 20 years the market community has not had to bear the heavy maintenance costs of sewage treatment .
In the opinion of stone houses , the situation for these installations will continue to be precarious in the long term , especially since it will not be possible to extend the supply area of the Friesenbachtal sewage treatment plant to include these plants because they are deficient facilities .
Bulgaria records inflation for the first time in 8 months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria in July was 1 % on a monthly basis .
This is the highest level ( since June 2012 ) and the first above @-@ zero since October last year , when a positive 0.2 % was recorded .
Annual average inflation over the past 12 months ( August 2015 - July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014 - July 2015 ) was -0.8 % relative to the CPI .
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0 % relative to June 2016 , or 1.0 % monthly inflation .
Inflation since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 , compared to December 2015 ) has been -0.2 % and annual inflation in July 2016 was -0.2 % compared to July 2015 .
In July 2016 , there was an increase in the prices of the following categories of consumer goods compared to the previous month : food and non @-@ alcoholic beverages ( 1.7 % ) ; transport ( 1.8 % ) ; leisure and culture ( 6.3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1.2 % ) ; various goods and services ( 0.3 % ) .
Prices fell for clothing and shoes ( 2.2 % ) ; furniture , household appliances and routine maintenance ( 0.5 % ) ; health ( 0.1 % ) .
Prices remained the same as in the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing , water , electricity , gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education remained unchanged .
Criticized Snapchat &apos;s &quot; Anime &quot; Effect as an Asian Caricature
Snapchat says this filter is anime @-@ inspired , but some observers say it is insensitive to races .
With its filter tool Snapchat enables around 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in a way that verges on the absurd .
You can transform yourself into a pineapple , a dog or a figure that could be made of a Roy Lightstone painting .
The filters are blunt , property @-@ twisting tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfs a day .
All missteps are made public .
Snapchat filters have attracted criticism in the past , accusing them of promoting Blackface or promoting white skin as an ideal of beauty .
This week , when some users proposed a filter that gave them slit eyes , false teeth , and stained cheeks , some critics called it an Asian racist caricature - &quot; Yellow Face . &quot;
They wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a bigger problem that the company has with diversity .
The news and indignation spread widely on Wednesday , with reports from The Verge and Motherboard , the day after Snapchat announced that it had disabled the feature .
The company offered an apology : the filter was intended as a tribute to anime characters , not a caricature of Asians .
But outsiders who have experienced racism were reminded by the filter of hurtful cliches .
Others firmly rejected the Anime settlement .
In an e @-@ mail , Grace Sparapani , a Korean @-@ American art student whose tweet was widely spread through the photographs , wrote that the filter was &quot; offensive and , to say the least , unpleasant . &quot;
She added that &quot; it is difficult to argue against a very loathsome Asian cartoon and filter effects .
It shows that the filter is not yellow @-@ eyed , but that the yellow face has been dragged to the depreciating extreme .
Snapchat is not the only company to cross this cultural tripwire .
American culture seems to be caught up in an endless struggle for diversity and integration , from conference rooms to Hollywood and the equipment we all hold in our hands .
And Snapchat &apos;s large audience of young people - who are more diverse about race than their older counterparts - may be more likely to expect sensitivity .
When one of Snapchats filters creates an image that is offensive to a user , &quot; it &apos;s much harder for such things to go unnoticed than they used to , &quot; said 25 @-@ year @-@ old Katie Zhu in a Thursday interview .
On Thursday , Zhu , who works as a product manager and medium engineer , decided to delete her Snapchat account and asked others to do the same .
In an essay for medium and a telephone interview , she said she believed that race @-@ related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in Snapchat recruitment practices .
Zhu criticized the largely white , male leadership and ended her essay with a hash tag : # DeleteSnapchat .
&quot; Either she does not have diverse representation of people with different skin colours in her staff so that they can make such choices , &quot; said the Sino @-@ American Mr. Zhu , &quot; or they have people with different skin colors who work there , but who are not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable , to say what against . &quot;
Others share her opinion , a complaint that Snapchat has largely left unanswered .
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company .
On Thursday Snapchat refused to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its employees but , according to a spokesman , the company has recently recruited a human resources officer focused on under @-@ represented groups and on internal integration efforts .
Zhu , for her part , said that she would close her Snapchat account and added , &quot; I wonder if they need more users like us to be able to say that this is not OK . &quot;
Military leaders falsify ISIS intelligence , Congressional committee finds
Military personnel of the United States Central Command changed intelligence to paint a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than the actual conditions on the ground would have allowed , a congressional commission of inquiry reported in a report on Thursday .
The preliminary report , prepared by a task force of Republican members of the Armed Forces Committee , the Intelligence Committee , and the Military Budget Committee , reports great dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts , who reported how superiors changed their assessments of America &apos;s efforts to fight the Islamic State .
The Central Command , or Cencom , is the military headquarters in Tampa , Florida that controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia .
&quot; Intelligence , typically nodded off by high @-@ level Centcom commanders , regularly painted a more positive picture of America &apos;s anti @-@ terrorism efforts than actual conditions on the ground allowed , and were consistently more positive than analyses by other intelligence agencies , &quot; one newspaper article quoted .
&quot; What happened at the Centcom is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when bad analyses are presented to our political leaders , &quot; said Ken Calvert , a Republican member of the House of Representatives .
Mistakes in leadership in the Centcom reach to the top of the organization .
The ten @-@ page report details persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of America &apos;s efforts to train Iraqi forces .
Although there is no direct evidence that Obama &apos;s leaders have given instructions to change the reports , it shows how analysts have been under pressure from their superiors to paint a more optimistic picture of the threat to the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL .
&quot; During the first half of 2015 , many Central Command press releases , statements and congressional statements were significantly more positive than they really were , &quot; the report noted .
For example , a Centcom official publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossul could begin as early as April or May 2015 .
Mosul , Iraq &apos;s second largest city , remains under the control of the Islamic State .
&quot; So much is clear after months of investigation , &quot; Mike Pompeo , a Republican congressman from Kansas , said in a statement .
From mid @-@ 2014 to mid @-@ 2015 , the leaders of the Central Command changed the intelligence reports to minimize the danger posed by ISIS in Iraq .
The Republicans created the task force after they were told that analysts were worried about manipulation of reports on the Islamic State .
The report published on Thursday will be completed with more detailed findings as investigations continue .
In addition , further investigations of the Centcom reports are under way by the Inspector General of the Ministry of Defence .
Democratic members of the intelligence committee published their own findings on Thursday , which were in line with some of the Republican task force &apos;s conclusions .
&quot; In 2014 and 2015 , the Centcom created an overly restricted process for producing intelligence assessments of ISIL and the Iraqi security services , &quot; the senior Democrat on the committee , member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff , announced in a statement .
This process , Mr. Schiff said , &quot; delayed the publication of intelligence reports , &quot; damaged the morale among analysts , and &quot; left too little room for dissent . &quot;
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said that they found no evidence of White House interference with the Centcom analysts regarding a &quot; certain political opinion . &quot;
The preliminary results of the Congress investigations were published on Tuesday by The Daily Beast .
Last August , The New York Times reported an investigation by the Pentagon &apos;s Inspector @-@ General , following complaints by Centcom analysts .
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans , a Pentagon press officer , stated in a statement that the Department of Defense would not comment on congressional reports while the Inspector @-@ General &apos;s investigation was still ongoing .
But he also said that &quot; experts sometimes have divergent views on the interpretation of complex data , and intelligence services and the Ministry of Defense welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense . &quot;
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of a successful American @-@ led air campaign in Iraq and Syria ( a claim now made by a growing number of Defense Department officials ) .
Last year &apos;s accusations , however , have raised the question of to what extent President Obama can rely on the Central Command to carry out honest assessments of the military operations in Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya and other crisis regions .
Criticism of secret information about the Islamic State is reminiscent of squabbles more than a decade ago , when a centcom analyst , Gregory Hooker , wrote a paper on how the then George W. Bush administration envisaged only a small occupying force in Iraq , contrary to the recommendations of many analysts , and spent little time worrying about the consequences of the 2003 invasion .
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the insurrection against current coverage of the Islamic State .
Last year , Mr Hooker &apos;s team , according to government officials , found that , contrary to what the government had said , air strikes on refineries owned by the Islamic State had no significant impact on the terrorist group &apos;s finances , as they had started temporary refineries to sell oil on the black market .
This finding , however , was not made public , The Times reported in September .
Centcom &apos;s then commander , Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III , was criticized by members of the legislature for his overly positive assessment of the war situation in a Senate hearing .
General Austin retired in April and was replaced by Gen. Joseph L. Votel at the Central Command .
The US wins the fourth women &apos;s field hockey match , and a showdown with Britain looms .
One day after winning three goals in a 6 @-@ 1 victory over Japan , Katie Bam also scored the first two goals for the American women &apos;s field hockey team in a Thursday match against India that the American women won by 3 @-@ 0 .
Five goals in two matches should be a memorable achievement , but Bam ( 27 ) said she could not remember ever having done so .
&quot; I have no idea , &quot; she said .
I am not one of those people who remember their gates .
But she knows this : American women are 4 @-@ 0 in the Olympic race , and they are on par with British women , who remain unbeaten after winning 2 @-@ 0 against Japan .
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last match of the first round .
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter finals , and the game will decide which of them will take first and second place in their group of six teams .
The first place will evade the strong Dutch women who lead the other group for a little longer .
Whatever the outcome of Saturday &apos;s match , the American women &apos;s success story has unleashed a surprising commotion , four years after they finished last in 12 places at the last London Games .
Bam was part of that team .
She grew up in Blue Bell , Pennsylvania , and had a hockey stick in her hands for the first time at the age of three ( her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University ) , and at the age of 16 she became the youngest national player in the history of the team .
She missed the 2008 Olympics because she couldn &apos;t qualify for the team .
Then came 2012 , when everything went wrong for her and her team .
The following year , Craig Parnham , an Englishman , became the coach of the national team , and things began to change for the better .
&quot; A change of culture , a mental change and a physical change , &quot; Bam said .
We did not have the amount of work in London that we now have .
We have been able to change course completely .
On Thursday evening , Bam opened the goalpost in the first half of the match with a knockback from the close range .
India entered the game without winning the tournament , but the team proved surprisingly tough , holding the score from 1 @-@ 0 to the third quarter until Bam took the game into her hands .
She did a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank , then pulled into the middle and dropped the ball into the goal to give the American women a 2 @-@ 0 lead .
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter .
The shutout was the first in the entire tournament for the US goalkeeper , Jackie Briggs , who had to score one goal in each of the previous games .
It has a run .
Just like Bam .
&quot; We are in a good position , &quot; said Parnham , but how well will depend on the outcome of the next match on Saturday .
In the midst of the Rage of the Olympics , the Zen of the Trampoline
Wherever you are , however late it is , it is the Olympic Games .
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inevitable , a frantic relay race between competition and aspiration .
It is as if the Olympic torch itself were a burning rod stretching from the crossbow shooter to the swimmer to the triathlete .
You cannot turn on the TV , read a newspaper or listen in the coffeeshop queue to your neighbour &apos;s conversation without hearing about Simone Biles , Katie Ledecky or the dispute between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos .
And then there is Logan Dooley .
Dooley , who is attending the Olympic Games for the first time and is a flock of women with incantations , could very well have been under these well @-@ known names broadcast during prime time , built by sponsors and feel @-@ good TV ads , if he had been a swimmer , gymnast or even a fencer .
But Dooley , 28 , from Lake Forest , California , is fighting for gold in the Olympic trampoline tournament .
The Olympic flame does not shed equal light on every event .
Further from the centre , partly in the shade , there are sports that are not generally recognised : air pistol shooting , archery , badminton , taekwondo .
We will always have the chest swimming and may it last for a long time .
But if I could modestly make the case for my particular favorite , let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline .
Although trampoline jumping has been an Olympic event since 2000 , when it made its debut in Sydney , the last 16 years have been so sparsely perceived that many of those whom I had questioned did not know it was an Olympic sport at all .
This could also be regional ignorance .
Although the US sent athletes to compete , it has never won a trampoline medal , and by 2012 it had an athlete who made it to the final .
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share the prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women .
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will be defending their gold medals from London this year .
Trampoline jumping has a certain outsider charm , partly because it sounds more appropriate to the unenlightened ear for a clown school than to the Olympic Games .
At this point , I should admit that I am not an expert , just an earthly enthusiast .
It has humorous potential - the cartoon trembling of its never @-@ ending impact - but also the grace of exercising and diving , the two sports that essentially unite it .
The word &quot; trampoline &quot; comes from the Spanish El Trampoline , which means &quot; stepping stone . &quot;
Rising winners jump on a gigantic trampoline , shoot up to 30 feet in the air , and have to make a series of falling movements ( turning , picking , and saltos ) before they land on their feet .
According to the official Olympic program , they are rated according to execution , difficulty and &quot; flying time . &quot;
Twenty @-@ two athletes from 17 countries , 16 men and 16 women , will compete in Rio .
The most common Olympic vector is straight forward .
Medal @-@ hopeful must continue in their quest for gold , faster , up and over , sometimes to the finish , sometimes back and forth , up and down on the playground .
Not only do they hunt the finish line or the starting wall , but they also pursue another mocking target in television broadcasts : that of the world or the Olympic record .
The purposeful pursuit is noble , admirable , even fanatical - and it is enough to stir even a spectator &apos;s tears .
But it is also something that I myself find a bit tiring watching these games .
The trampoline offers a breathing space from this .
The vector of the trampoline jumper is above .
A move forward is not the aim .
He or she collides , seemingly weightless , like an astronaut , goes up , then down , then effortlessly up again .
Here , too , there is competition , not without difficulty , of course , but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal , no vault far away , just the dreamlike , elegant suspension of time and gravity .
It &apos;s as Zen as the competition at the Olympics can only be .
Women &apos;s qualifying and final rounds will take place on Friday afternoon , in streaming at 1.00 Eastern Time ; men &apos;s matches at 1.00 p.m. on Saturday .
NBC will broadcast the final rounds as part of an afternoon block on both days starting at 2 p.m.
Amid Olympia mania , they promise a quiet , nice moment , one that is likely to be overlooked in the general turmoil .
If raising awareness can only be achieved through the fear and objectification of male athletes - as the male US gymnasts recently suggested , according to The Wall Street Journal - then Mr Dooley expects his new fan community , which is gasping for breath .
&quot; A generation of protests &quot; in Ethiopia , Long a US ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators calling for political change in Ethiopia were met with violent resistance from the government .
Witnesses testify that dozens of protesters were killed during clashes with the police during gun exchanges .
Is Ethiopia about to collapse ?
Over the past decade , it has been one of Africa &apos;s most stable countries , a solid Western ally with a fast @-@ growing economy .
But in recent months , protests against the government have shaken the country and spread to more and more areas .
Last week , thousands of people took to the streets demanding fundamental political changes .
The government &apos;s response , according to human rights organisations , has been ruthless .
Witnesses testified that police shot and killed dozens of unarmed demonstrators .
Videos circulating about the protests , which are probably from last year or the beginning of this year , show security men beating young people with sticks while forcing them to stand up against a wall .
The head of the UN Human Rights Agency is now calling for a thorough investigation .
&quot; It has always been difficult to keep this country together and in the future it will be even more difficult , &quot; said Rashid Abdi , project leader of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group , a research group .
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa , after Nigeria , and its stability is valued by the West .
American military and intelligence agencies are working closely with Ethiopians to address the threat of terrorism beyond the region , particularly in Somalia ; few countries in Africa , if any , receive so much Western aid .
Ethiopia &apos;s economy expanded at a remarkable pace .
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is a new commuter train in the capital , Addis Ababa .
The roads are generally quiet , safe and clean .
Even though Ethiopia has been anything but a model of democracy - human rights organisations have constantly led the way in government repression - the opposition in the country has been restricted , and dissidents have been effectively silence .
Many have been sent into exile or prison , killed or driven into the expanses of the desert .
But that could change .
&quot; If you oppress people and they have no other options but to protest , it erupts , &quot; said Seyoum Teshome , a lecturer in Central Ethiopia .
The whole of young people are protesting .
A generation protests .
There are numerous complaints that cover everything from land use to the stranglehold on the ruling coalition &apos;s power .
After a widely criticized election last year , the ruling party and its allies were given the opposition &apos;s last seat and now control 100 % of parliament .
At the same time , tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea ; a fight over this fragile , disputed line claimed hundreds of lives in June .
Analysts fear that separatists like the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front , which have been more or less vanquished in recent years , may take advantage of the turbulence and rearm themselves .
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness are now exploding , after years of lying beneath the surface .
The first seems innocuous : smart phones .
Only in recent years have very many Ethiopians been able to communicate via social media , as cheaper smartphones became more common and Internet services improved .
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter , as it does periodically , especially during protests , many people can still communicate via Internet proxies that hide where they are .
Several young Ethiopians said that they were gathering in protest in this way .
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas , the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia .
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies .
Since then , the Amharas , who come from the predominantly Christian highlands , have prospered in politics and economics , while exploiting the Oromos , many of whom are Muslims and live in lowland areas .
But that , too , is changing .
&quot; We are coordinating under one umbrella , &quot; said Mulatu Gemechu , a leader of the Oromos .
The biggest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos .
Many Amharas and Oromos feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group , who make up about 6 % of the population , and who dominate the military , intelligence , trade , and politics .
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi .
Mr Meles , a former rebel leader , was Ethiopia &apos;s Prime Minister for 17 years until his death from an unpublicised disease in 2012 .
He was seen as a tactical genius , a man who could think around corners .
Analysts say that he was particularly adept at seeing early signs of discontent and using special envoys to manipulate opponents and render them harmless .
&quot; The current regime lacks this basic skill , &quot; said Mr Abdi , a conflict analyst .
Ethiopia &apos;s new prime minister , Hailemariam Desalegn , has been chosen to take over from Mr Meles for relatively obscure reasons .
Unlike Mr Meles , who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia , Mr Hailemariam comes from the south .
Analysts say that he does not have the confidence of the Tigray @-@ controlled security services .
Many fear that the result will be more bloodshed .
The last time Ethiopia experienced such a turmoil was in 2005 , after thousands protested against elections that , according to analysts , appeared to have been botched by the government and then stolen .
During the raids that followed , many protesters were killed , though fewer than in recent months , and that period of unrest passed relatively quickly .
Development experts praised Ethiopia &apos;s leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning , such as the new commuter train , and for their measurable progress in poverty reduction .
Obviously , however , this has not prevented the Ethiopian Government &apos;s internal resentment from intensifying .
And it is taking on a dangerous ethnic form .
Last month , protesters in Gondar , an Amharic city , attacked Tigray @-@ led businesses , and hatred of the Tigray is becoming increasingly common in social media .
Analysts say that the protests are putting the US and other Western allies in a strange position .
The American Government used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighbouring Somalia , although it recently announced that it had closed that base .
While the West clearly wants to support democracy , it does not want its ally to collapse in an already volatile area .
&apos;This , &apos; said Mr Abdi , &apos; is a very thin balancing act . &apos;
Donald Trump declares his claim that Obama founded ISIS was &quot; sarcasm .
Donald J. Trump tried on Friday to dispel the last controversy surrounding his campaign , saying that his repeated claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the &quot; founders &quot; of the Islamic State terrorist group was not meant seriously .
This clarification raised new questions about the Republican presidential candidate &apos;s communication skills , whether he is able to communicate clearly and understandably with the American public .
It also puts his comrades @-@ in @-@ arms , who strive to defend him during an eventful period , in the peculiar position of having to explain statements that he might not have meant .
After hinting at a campaign event on Wednesday evening , Mr. Trump backtracked on Thursday &apos;s claim , insisting in interviews that he really had no intention of suggesting that the president and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS .
But in an early morning tweet on Friday , Mr. Trump said he was simply sarcastic .
The tweet was the opposite of the previous day , when Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews that he meant the charge entirely seriously .
When conservative radio announcer Hugh Hewitt wanted to help Mr. Trump tone down the statement a little by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS , the Republican presidential candidate did not want to know about it .
The last storm of criticism rammed down on Mr. Trump , while he tried to shift his campaign &apos;s focus to the economy on account of falling polling numbers .
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton delivered speeches on the state of the economy in Michigan this week .
On Friday , Mr Trump tried to return to the subject .
Mentioning via Twitter , he warned that Mrs. Clinton &apos;s proposals would lead to higher taxes , and that he had found her speech boring .
Mr. Trump has already advanced sarcasm in his defense .
At the end of July , he attracted strong criticism when he said that Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton &apos;s emails , but he later said , &quot; Of course , I meant that sarcastically . &quot;
This method allows Mr. Trump to shift the linguistic boundaries of politics , and then , if necessary , to row back .
&quot; I think it is one of his methods to test how certain messages are received by his fans , how they arrive , and then , if necessary , to &quot; clarify &quot; them depending on how the reaction turns out . &quot; said Ruth Sherman , a communications expert who monitors the language of both candidates .
However , I also believe that he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough to allow them to be interpreted in various ways .
Instead of softening the tone for the presidential election , Mr Trump has adopted an even more corrosive tone , as his poll numbers have fallen further .
A new survey released on Friday by NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist showed a lead in the states of North Carolina , Virginia , Colorado , and a head @-@ to @-@ head race in Florida .
While Mr. Trump generally tries not to apologize for his provocative statements , he often accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misreading his humor .
But , as he draws more attention in the final months of his presidential campaign , Mr. Trump &apos;s jokes have put his loyal comrades in the uncomfortable position of having to stand by him , however provocative his statements may be .
Rudolph W. Giuliani , a former mayor of New York and one of Trump &apos;s most prominent advocates , worked hard today to defend the candidate in a CNN interview on Thursday .
&quot; I believe that what he is saying are legitimate political comments , &quot; Mr. Giuliani said , so he was asked the truth of Mr. Trump &apos;s statements whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic State .
In this sense , it is true that , before Obama , ISIS was an almost unknown , small organization , he called it backbenchers , completely wrong , and it happened because he withdrew troops from Iraq .
Most mainstream Republicans try to argue that the Obama administration , in which Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State , allowed ISIS to spread by failing to aggressively control the situation in the Middle East .
Before Friday &apos;s election campaign in Pennsylvania , Mr Trump continued his attacks on the media , accusing them of harping on every word he said and biased against him .
He mocked the &quot; poor , wretched &quot; television experts who are trying to understand him and said , &quot; You can &apos;t ! &quot;
Some Democrats mocked Mr. Trump &apos;s apology as yet another demonstration that he was unfit for the presidency .
Once pushed out of the market on price , Café in Greenpoint comes back
Verb Cafe was a shabby cafe in Williamsburg , where you could only pay in cash , which did not have Wi @-@ Fi but served good coffee for 15 years .
Of course , its Bedford Avenue retail front has been crowded out by prices .
The Soap Cherie shop , which replaced Verb in the summer of 2014 , sells soap in the form of cupcakes .
Locals mourned it as the last loss in a gentrifying city .
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter , &quot; I know New York is change , but I still can &apos;t believe that CBGB is dead , Chelsea Hotel is excluded , and Verb is now a soap shop . &quot;
But if New York is change , so is reinvention .
A revived Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint , less than a mile north of its original location .
The new verb has Wi @-@ Fi and accepts credit cards , but still has some of the same staff and a similarly simple atmosphere .
The coffee is also still good .
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez , a long @-@ time employee of the old café , who is the owner and manager of the new café .
He began working at Verb in 2001 and stayed there until the end .
When a client offered to provide him with funds for a new branch , he was excited to do so , he said .
Rodriguez , 36 , retained many things .
Verb uses the same distributor for the bagels bought the same espresso machine model .
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb .
But Rodriguez said that he also wanted to experiment .
He introduced new ingredients .
The menu includes sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnishes such as capers and sour onions .
There are natural rice dishes .
The cafe no longer serves beer , but fresh juices are available .
After nine months , Rodriguez said he had noticed a steady stream of old regular customers .
&quot; Many old customers have also been displaced by prices from Williamsburg , &quot; he said .
On a Sunday recently , Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer .
Oliveira , 34 , used to live in Williamsburg and visited the verb regularly .
Even after she moved to Greenpoint , she would take the road .
After the verb had closed , she gave up drinking coffee for a while , she said .
&quot; I realized it was about the coffee and the culture in the verb that I liked , &quot; she said .
Now she drinks coffee again , even though that day she ordered a Blended Chai Tea instead of her usual Iced Coffee , which is another new addition .
Tom Rosenthal has been another long @-@ standing and loyal customer since the beginning of the verb in 2003 .
He went there before work and inevitably ordered the same thing .
&quot; I arrived at quarter past seven , every day like a Swiss pocket watch and they prepare my Everything Bagel with butter , &quot; he said .
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and add new ingredients to the menu .
Today Rosenthal still gets his usual order , but sometimes he changes his Everything Bagel with bacon , egg and cheese .
Rodriguez said that he did not resent the fact that the soap business had taken over the old business space .
In fact , the owners of Soap Cherie offered to produce a special verbs soap with the café &apos;s cold @-@ brewed coffee as an ingredient .
&quot; I think we will respond to their offer , &quot; said Rodriguez .
And the traditional Polish residents of Greenpoint have also accepted the café .
A new customer has translated the menu into Polish , and Rodriguez said he plans to issue it soon , making his new neighbours feel welcome .
The location also has other benefits .
A local juice shop would like to fill the cold @-@ brewed coffee in the bottle and sell it .
There is a chance that the cafe will expand to a neighbouring building .
For many customers , a new verb is enough to get their old favorites .
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said he was destroyed on the ground when the cafe closed .
When the new café opened , Whitt said that going into the café and ordering a new one felt like coming home .
&quot; I had to smell that , &quot; he said .
The depressing dinner of the economic crisis in &quot; a plentiful meal &quot;
In March 1933 , shortly after rising to the presidency , Franklin Delano Roosevelt had lunch at the Oval Office .
For gourmets , President Roosevelt had a penchant for sophisticated Fifth Avenue delicacies such as pâte de foie gras and Maryland water tortoise soup .
His menu that day was a little more modest : filled eggs in tomato sauce , potato puree and , as a dessert , a plum pudding .
&quot; It was an act of culinary solidarity with people who were suffering , &quot; said Jane Ziegelman .
Her husband Andrew Coe added , &quot; It was also a message to Americans about how they should eat . &quot;
The couple live in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians .
Coe &apos;s last book , &quot; Chop Suey , &quot; was about Chinese cuisine in the US , while Ziegelman &apos;s book , &quot; 97 Orchard , &quot; talks about living in a home on the Lower East Side from a food perspective .
Her latest collaboration , &quot; A decent meal , &quot; which will be published by Harper Verlag on Tuesday , illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression .
They showed culinary solidarity when they met a reporter at Eisenberg &apos;s Sandwich Shop for dinner , a small , no @-@ frills snack in the Flatiron District , which has been in business since the 1929 stock market crash .
Ziegelman , 54 , ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive pieces , while Coe , 57 , turkey with potato puree and vegetable mix ate .
When the reporter ordered hackroasts , the couple found it suitable for a discussion about eating in the Great Depression era .
&quot; Rich foods were very popular , &quot; Ziegelman said .
There was peanut bread , liver cheese and bean bread .
They were made from an ingredient and something cheap to stretch out .
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve as dinner .
Coe grunt .
&quot; It must have laid in the stomach like lead , &quot; he said .
In the years before the Great Depression , the table in an American household , especially in rural areas , was an all @-@ you @-@ can @-@ eat buffet .
Women &apos;s teams cooked for male field workers and freshly baked pâté was served for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
It was the Americans who sent food to hungry Europeans during World War I . &quot; A Square Meal &quot; records the paths that the country has taken to stop being the land of plenty .
&quot; It was a time when food became a central , tense issue for Americans , &quot; Coe explained why he and his wife wanted to write about it .
The new budget was just as tight : mysterious dishes such as bread and casseroles became staples , casseroles as a &quot; wonderful way to recycle leftovers , &quot; Ziegelman noted , as chefs could hide unsavoury ingredients under a creamy sauce .
Fresh fruit has been replaced by cheaper dry fruit .
Meat , which for years was the focal point of American cuisine , became a rare luxury .
Strange mixtures have been tried , as a calorie @-@ rich and nourishing satisfaction has taken precedence over taste or even common sense .
While researching for the book , which also includes recipes , brick man prepared a dish from that era , baked onion with peanut butter .
&quot; It was not a popular addition at lunch time , &quot; Coe says .
Ziegelmann goes on to say , &quot; It was surreal . &quot;
Peanut butter and fried onions do not match each other .
It was typical of many of the home @-@ economics recipes .
As never before or since , household economists - including Louise Stanley , head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 and 1943 - drove the country &apos;s eating habits in this way .
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines , they encouraged women to become &quot; housewives &quot; and to rise to the challenge of turning pamphlets like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals .
&quot; A Square Meal &quot; is a festival of historical delights .
Particularly tasty are the reports of the government &apos;s response to the starving citizens , such as President Herbert Hoover &apos;s Lass @-@ mich @-@ Kuchen @-@ Essen attitude .
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farm kitchen of his kitchen , he fed like the multi @-@ million dollar man of the world he has become .
&quot; He liked continental cuisine such as fish with cucumber sauce , &quot; Coe said .
He ate in an almost gold @-@ plated dining room and wore a tuxedo .
It was splendidly out of touch .
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if his wife , Eleanor , had not asked him to set an example with his stomach .
As described in the book , the hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in tastes by Mrs Roosevelt meant that the White House produced the most dull meal in Washington , but also one of the most dismal prepared . &quot;
Many of the Great Depression @-@ era ways of eating were discarded once the country got back on its feet .
The legacy lies in our continued focus on calories and food , Ziegelman said , as well as how science was applied to food .
In writing the book , the couple claimed to have understood better the eating habits of Ziegelman &apos;s mother @-@ in @-@ law - for example , how she could not throw away food .
&quot; She was really afraid to waste food , &quot; Coe said .
Ziegelman remembered : &quot; She actually made people sick . &quot;
There was the windbag incident .
After the plates had been cleared at Eisenberg &apos;s , they and Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the plum dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch .
&quot; It &apos;s called Prune Whip , &quot; Ziegelman said , adding that it was a common trick to give modest recipes a chic name .
There was no beaten cream , just plums , some flour , sugar , water and cinnamon .
Everyone dipped a spoon a bit grudgingly in the tough brown glibber .
Amazingly , it did not taste bad .
Coe caught up three times .
Like a Can @-@ Do budgeman , he said to his wife , &quot; A few chopped walnuts would help . &quot;
Bombs killed : He was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life on the line to help others : Khaled Omar .
He was the hero of Aleppo : Khaled Omar dedicated his life to the people of Syria .
He risked everything to save the lives of others .
Now the 30 @-@ year @-@ old has even died in a barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime .
Omar was a member of the &quot; White Helmets , &quot; a civil protection group that , according to Bild newspaper , has so far saved nearly 60,000 lives .
2 900 volunteers risk their own lives to move people out of bombed houses and to provide first aid in the war zone .
They are the heroes of the war in Syria .
Omar was the face of the group : a video of the defender showing him in an 11 @-@ hour rescue of a baby from the rubble of a house went around the world in 2014 .
It made the Syrian a shining symbol in the horror of war .
As a hero , however , he never saw himself , according to the image : &quot; For me , this is the real Jihad . &quot;
&quot; When I die saving lives , I think God sees me as a martyr . &quot;
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack , he spoke in a video about the latest bombing in Syria .
The helicopters dropped four barrel bombs over the Alzadia district , one of which was filled with chlorine gas .
One woman and two children died and seven people are suffering from breathing difficulties .
&quot; We are now cleaning up the poisonous remains of the bomb so that children do not play with it , &quot; the picture quoted his last words before he died .
The Assad regime &apos;s lethal bomb was supposed to hit terrorists .
Greenland Shark : The oldest vertebrate is nearly 400 years old
A rare sight .
Greenland sharks tend to surface only in winter .
This shark was allowed back into the sea after an investigation on board the research vessel Sanna .
Born in 1624 , he floats through the North Atlantic at just over 1 km / h - to this day .
Greenland sharks do not grow up until the age of 150 .
The Greenland shark swims gently along the bottom of the North Atlantic , reaching an average distance of just 1,220 metres in an hour .
Only when it comes down to it does the five @-@ metre @-@ long animal accelerate to a whopping 2.6 km / h - and at this top speed is half as fast as a seal .
This slow @-@ moving lifestyle , however , seems to be a perfect recipe for old age .
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the scientific journal about a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old .
&quot; Madness , &quot; says Alexander Scheuerlein of the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock , commenting on this life span , which is a world record for vertebrates .
To be sure , the evolutionary biologist long suspected Greenland sharks of becoming stone @-@ old .
But the evidence was missing .
Greenland sharks are hard to observe , as they mainly live in the Arctic Ocean off the sparsely populated coasts of Canada , Greenland , Norway and Spitsbergen .
Because they prefer water temperatures of around six degrees Celsius , they usually appear on the surface only in winter .
Researchers know very little about the lifestyle of Greenland sharks .
They measured their slow @-@ motion speed when they equipped six animals with a transmitter in front of Spitzbergen .
Yet these sharks prey : in the stomach of one animal , researchers found the remains of a seal , another had swallowed the jaw bone of a young polar bear .
They may hunt sleeping animals or patrol the bottom of the Arctic Ocean looking for corpses torpedoing down from higher layers of water .
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now studied 28 Greenland sharks that caught fishermen off Greenland or Spitsbergen between 2010 and 2013 as a by @-@ catch from the depths of the North Atlantic .
The smallest shark was just 81 cm long , while the largest was 502 cm long .
In order to determine the age of the animals , they analysed the lens nucleus of the sharks using the carbon @-@ 14 method .
This center of the eye lens is formed before the sharks are born , and the proteins contained in it are not renewed later .
The two smallest sharks had a striking amount of carbon @-@ 14 in the lens core .
Their birth should therefore be after the early 1960 &quot; s , when nuclear weapons tests emitted large quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere .
By contrast , in the third smallest animal , 220 centimeters in length , the lens nucleus contained a small surplus of carbon 14 from nuclear weapons testing , which is likely to have been its 50th birthday when it was studied in 2012 .
By contrast , all the larger Greenland sharks had normal carbon 14 in their lensing core , which is produced by cosmic radiation in the atmosphere .
Indeed , for a 493 @-@ centimeter Greenland shark , the carbon 14 clock showed an age of 335 , while the record shark , at 502 centimeters , is likely to be as old as 392 .
It was well known that Greenland shark females only have offspring when they are longer than four metres .
Now the researchers were able to assign an age to the length .
Since one of the animals , at 392 centimetres , was probably on the verge of maturing and its age was determined at 156 , it appears that breeding Greenland sharks takes at least a century and a half .
That , too , should be a world record for vertebrates at the moment .
It is no accident that such methus alemes mainly live in icy waters .
The previous record holder , a 211 @-@ year @-@ old Greenland whale with a 120 @-@ year @-@ old Harpoon tip on its neck , was also caught off Alaska .
Due to the low temperatures , the organism of the animals living there is often also on fire .
So they mature later - and age more slowly .
In addition , in order to keep warm in cold water , the animals often become particularly large .
This is because the volume grows much faster than its surface , through which the animal loses heat .
The heat loss of one gram of mouse is therefore much greater than that of one gram of elephant .
Another advantage : they have fewer enemies .
&quot; So a smaller animal lives more dangerously and should concentrate on having as many offspring as possible as early on , &quot; explains evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein .
A very large animal , on the other hand , should invest its resources in a long life .
Construction Land in Double Pack
At its most recent meeting , the Municipal Council focused on construction @-@ related issues .
It was with relief that the panel received Mayor Robert Putz &apos;s announcement that &quot; the marketing of the recently designated residential areas can finally begin . &quot;
After clarifying the questions of plots of land , parcelling and development as well as applications for surveying , nothing more stands in the way of selling the plots of land to interested parties in the residential areas of &quot; Street Path &quot; and &quot; Schönau West &quot; ( area Binderstraße - section 1 ) .
The municipal council is convinced that the areas in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau appeal to young families and well @-@ equipped senior citizens alike .
It has been said that those who wish to build can report to the town hall from now on , and the local council is expected to discuss the allocation of the plots at its September meeting .
In order also to be able to respond to requests for the establishment of further businesses in connection with the creation of jobs , the municipal council decided to amend the land @-@ use plan , which was only redrawn up in the spring of this year , in some areas .
In the sub @-@ time zone , for example , the industrial area already designated there will be extended by two plots in the direction of State Road 2112 .
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
The city on the river Main therefore has the best chance of attracting jobs and companies from London , competing with Paris , Dublin and Luxembourg .
&quot; It is very likely that Frankfurt will benefit the most from the Brexit vote , &quot; says Michael Voigtländer , Head of Financial Markets and Real Estate Markets at the IW .
In the wake of the Brexit referendum , it is uncertain whether financial institutions can continue to operate from London across the EU .
For the so @-@ called EU passport , they have so far been granted admission in Great Britain .
Large US banks are taking advantage of this .
Several banks have already announced that they will move jobs .
The lobby association &quot; Frankfurt Main Finance &quot; expects 10,000 new jobs to be created on the Main river within five years .
For Frankfurt , the IW argues , the headquarters of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) , which combines responsibility for monetary policy and supervision of the eurozone &apos;s largest banks , as well as other important authorities , such as the European Insurance Supervision EIOPA and the Risk Board ESRB .
While the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) is headquartered in Paris , it is less important to the financial industry than the ECB .
&quot; Proximity to the central bank is important for banks , as it enables them to communicate directly with supervisors , &quot; says IW professor Voigtländer .
Luxembourg is home to a large fund industry but , like Dublin , is worse off in terms of infrastructure .
Frankfurt is much easier to reach thanks to the large airport .
In addition , the city points with easily available commercial properties .
&quot; It is not at all easy to find high @-@ quality offices in Paris , &quot; says Voigtländer .
On the Seine , first @-@ class commercial real estate rents are also 50 percent higher than on the Main .
In addition , Frankfurt offers a better quality of life than its competitors thanks to good medical care and infrastructure , as well as less crime .
The city is ranked seventh in the Mercer management consultancy &apos;s ranking , 19th in Luxembourg , 33rd in Dublin and 37th in Paris .
Even if quality of life is a matter of preferences : &quot; With its already strong position as a financial centre for the European single market , Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors , &quot; the IW concludes .
But London , despite the Brexit vote , will remain Europe &apos;s main financial center , economic forecasters say .
This is also borne out by the balance of power : according to figures from Landesbank Helaba , around 144,000 people worked in the banking industry in London at the end of 2015 , 62500 in Frankfurt .
Gilead gets legal costs from the hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. District Court ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to a refund of legal costs incurred by it as a result of the Hepatits C dispute with pharmaceutical company Merck &amp; Co Inc .
In June , Gilead was released from $ 200 million in compensation for infringement of two Merck patents related to Gilead &apos;s blockbuster drugs , Sovaldi and Harvoni , after a US judge revealed a pattern of bad behavior by Mercks , including perjury and other unethical acts .
When the case was brought on Thursday , US Chief Justice Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead is entitled to forgive the costs incurred in defending the case .
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead , which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 % of patients with liver disease .
The case dates back to 2013 , when Gilead and Merck took each other to court and claimed ownership of laboratory work based on Sofosbuvir , the active ingredient in Gilead &apos;s drugs .
US @-@ backed troops say that they have recovered full control of Manbij from the Islamic State .
US @-@ backed troops have regained full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last ISIS fighters in the city left it , said a group spokesman on Friday .
Syria &apos;s Democratic Forces ( DKS ) are now combing the city following the exodus of the remaining group of fighters buried inside the city .
They have freed more than 2,000 civilians held hostage by the fighters , said Sharfan Darwish of the DKS @-@ allied Manbij Military Council Reuters .
&quot; The city is now completely under control , but we are currently carrying out clean @-@ up operations , &quot; he told Reuters .
Clintons earn $ 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2 % federal taxes .
Hillary Clinton released her 2015 tax return on Friday , which yielded an income of $ 10.75 million for the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband , and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 % .
In 2015 , the Clinton administration donated $ 1 million for charitable causes , mainly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton raised almost $ 5.3 million in speech fees ; former Secretary of State Simon &amp; Schuster reported an income of $ 3 million for her book on her tenure at the State Department .
Clinton &apos;s running mate , Virginia Senator Tim Kaine , along with his wife Anne Holton , released his tax returns over the past decade .
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 % in 2015 .
&quot; Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency , &quot; Clinton &apos;s campaign assistant Jennifer Palmieri announced in a statement .
In stark contrast , Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and backsliding on his previous promises to publish his tax returns .
It is customary for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns , even though they are not required to do so by law .
Trump , a New York businessman , and his lawyers have cited a tax review by the tax authorities as a reason for refusing .
&quot; The ball is in your court , &quot; Clinton &apos;s campaign assistant , Ian Sams , wrote on Twitter about the publication of the Democratic presidential candidate .
On Thursday , Michael Cohen , Trump &apos;s special adviser , told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish anything until the tax reviews had been completed .
Trump &apos;s critics , including the Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in 2012 , have already announced that his refusal to do so raises questions about assets , his donations to charities , his business practices , and various other ties , particularly with Russia .
Clinton has already pounced on the issue , posting a video on the Internet on Friday in which top Republicans call on Trump to publish his tax returns .
On Thursday , she also raised the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan .
&quot; He refuses to do what any other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and publish his tax returns . &quot; She said to the crowd .
Politico has reported that Trump paid little or no tax for two years during the 1990 &quot; s , and one New York Times economic journalist quoted a number of tax lawyers and advisers on Friday who said that might still be the case .
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign .
Clinton supports a scheme named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett , which would ensure that people earning more than $ 1 million pay a tax rate of at least 30 % .
President Obama also supports the proposal .
At a campaign rally for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha , Nebraska , Buffett , whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate is based here , called for Trump to meet to exchange tax returns .
Buffett said he had also been subject to the IRS &apos;s tax review , and Trump was &quot; afraid &quot; of voters , not tax authorities .
Clinton &apos;s campaign released tax returns back to 2007 .
The Clintons , now living in Chappaqua , New York , paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 % between 2007 and 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5 % .
The Clinton tax return of 2015 showed that , unlike most Americans , they received only $ 100 of their income in wages .
Their principal investment was a low @-@ cost index fund , which taxed the Clinton dividends and $ 109,000 in earnings .
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh ; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chilli powder , fireworks promote Tanzania &apos;s elephant protection .
Conservationists in Tanzania use an unorthodox species to deter elephants from going to man @-@ made settlements - they throw condoms filled with chile powder at them .
The method has proven effective , and the Honeyguide Foundation , which came up with the idea years ago , has stepped up its promotion , together with the US Conservation Agency , by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non @-@ violent , four @-@ step method to protect their homes and crops , while not injuring animals .
Before that , many spears used to defend themselves .
Friday is World Telephone Day , dedicated to animal welfare .
&quot; Since we developed the ... Toolkit , we have seen a change of attitude within these communities , which are much more confident that they can keep the elephants off their fields without harming the elephant , &quot; said Honeyguide Damian Bell &apos;s managing director in a message .
The first two steps include the lighting of the elephant with a torch and the blowing into a horn .
If he is not deterred , a so @-@ called &quot; chile cloud &quot; will be thrown .
Mixed with earth , chile powder is packed together with a fireworks body into a condom , the end of which is turned to the fuse .
When lit , the condom bursts with a bang and sprays fine dust into the air on chilli powder .
A touch usually enough already to drive the elephant out .
A final possibility is a shooter shooting a gold gun into the air , causing a loud , bright explosion .
City Council decides unanimously : No new kiosk building on the St. Goar banks of the Rhine
Normally , the St. Goar investment projects are accepted by traders with Kushand - after all , the retail trade in the core city is considered to be clearly capable of expansion .
Now , however , the city council unanimously rejected the proposal to build a new sales kiosk on the banks of the Rhine in the immediate vicinity of the Rhine balcony under construction .
&quot; In principle , we welcome new traders , but this kiosk , which is located in an exposed location on the banks of the Rhine , does not fit in at this location , &quot; explained Michael Hubrath on behalf of the CDU group .
Jewish director breaks up Berlin Hotel because Israel &apos;s pre @-@ election &quot; Arab &quot; call was removed - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots set off a media uproar after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin had not listed an Israeli pre @-@ election code because Arab guests had &quot; requested &quot; it , according to one of its staff member .
Claude Lanzmann , author of the Holocaust documentary &quot; Shoah , &quot; dropped his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ .
During his last stay , Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel &apos;s country code .
However , the country was not listed between the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room .
How is it possible in 2016 , in Berlin , the capital of the new Germany , that Israel was eliminated and deleted ?
wrote Lanzmann .
Instead , Kempinksi Bristol offers an option to call Israel via its own call center .
Looking for an explanation , the director turned to the hotel reception .
The response he received there , as Lanzmann wrote , &quot; shocked him . &quot;
The hotel employee said that the measure was a &quot; deliberate decision of the management of Kempinski Hotels . &quot;
The reason behind this triggered even more anger in the director .
&quot; The majority of our guests are Arabs and they have asked for the prefix to be deleted , &quot; the employee of Lanzmann was quoted .
The Israeli Ambassador to Germany , Yakov Hadas @-@ Handelsman , called this a &quot; great shame , &quot; reports the Süddeutsche Zeitung .
We were shocked and dismayed by this event .
That is a real shame .
The fact that this has happened in Germany in the very same hotel chain is an even greater disgrace .
This need no explanation .
We expect the hotel to &quot; draw the right conclusions , &quot; said the official .
The incident triggered quite a lot of response on the Internet , where people called it a scandal .
Some suggested that the Kempinski Hotel had &quot; succumbed &quot; to the alleged demands of Arab guests .
&quot; Shame on you , &quot; said another speech , pointing out that the hotel , located on the noble Kurfürstendamm , is close to a synagogue .
The hotel quickly dismissed all accusations and called the incident an &quot; oversight &quot; and &quot; apologized &quot; to Lanzmann , Der Spiegel reports .
&quot; There was never a direct order , &quot; the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman of the Kempinski Hotel , &quot; not to include Israel in the quick list .
It adds that the country code has now been added .
Police use tear gas &amp; rubber bullets against demonstrating Brazilian students .
Students clashed with the police on Thursday in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system .
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the demonstrators .
The trouble began when police officers tried to drive the students apart , causing the police to use rubber bullets and tear gas .
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations to express their shock at the plans .
According to proposals by the state governor of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin , slightly less than 100 public schools are being closed , while 300,000 students are being implemented to save money .
Some of the protesters could be seen spraying graffiti on walls against interim President Michel Temer .
The recent protests occurred a few days after demonstrators took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff , who had been ousted by a Senate vote to remove her from office .
Trade between Russia and Iran soars to 71 % - RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions , Russian Ambassador to Iran Levan Dzhagaryan said that trade between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 % year on year .
Since international sanctions against Iran were lifted , interest on the part of Russian companies in doing business in the country has grown sharply , the Ambassador said .
Russian companies are establishing existing links with Iran , while new firms are ready to gain access to the market .
Of course , further trade expansion is one of the biggest priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran , &quot; said Dzhagaryan .
He noted that in the first five months of 2016 , Russia @-@ Iran trade turnover increased by 70.9 % compared to the same period in 2015 , and stood at $ 856 million .
In particular , Russian imports to Iran soared by 91.5 % , reaching $ 697 million .
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 % to $ 158 million .
The upturn in trade was achieved through deliveries of machinery , land vehicles and weapons , &quot; said the Ambassador .
Dzhagaryan expects a record number of Iranian tourists to visit Russia this year .
Last year , Russia &apos;s foreign representation issued about 35,000 visas , primarily travel visas , to Iranian citizens .
Iran also reached the top 20 countries in terms of the number of tourists in Russia .
One could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia last year are being broken , &quot; he said .
At the same time , relatively few Russians visit Iran , something that the Ambassador hopes will change .
&quot; Personally , I can recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan , Shiraz and Yazd , which have preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in good condition , &quot; he said .
Witnesses Wanted : Beverages in Forest Oil
A robbery took place on Thursday evening at the Rewe XXL beverage market on the Gerberstraße forest oil route .
Under fire , three dark @-@ clad individuals , who had masked their faces , demanded cash from the beverage market employee and then fled , first on foot and probably then with a silver @-@ coloured VW Gulf .
How much money has been captured is not reported by the police .
The perpetrators are said to have been between 1.60 and 1.70 metres tall , in other words relatively small .
The drinks market is directly accessible from the parking deck of the Rewe market and is difficult to see .
After the raid , the perpetrators must have run towards Gerberstraße , Friedrich @-@ Engelbert @-@ Weg and fled from the gravel car park opposite the entrance to the multi @-@ storey car park , possibly towards the B 256 ( Schladernring ) .
Anyone who has made observations at the time of the crime ( around 7.45 p.m. ) in connection with the robbery should report to the police as a matter of urgency .
Nagold : Fun and Fun at Summer Free
Eight beautiful and joyful days were spent by the children and adolescents of the socio @-@ pedagogical daygroup / social group work of the Society for the Protection of the Child Nagold with their carers during their summer holidays in Nussdorf , near Mühlacker .
In the leisure home Hardtwäldle the lively group was quartered during the first week of school holidays .
Several full day trips were planned .
On the one hand we went to Bretten with a visit to the petting zoo .
On the other hand to Maulbronn , where the world famous monastery had a special children &apos;s tour .
The third trip was to Pforzheim .
At the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf , the group learned a lot about daily life and the food of the Celts .
On the hot days , the group enjoyed themselves on the Tiefensee in Maulbronn , which invited them to jump , swim and splash .
Children and supervisors were spoilt for choice with their own home @-@ made body dishes such as Sauren Spätzle , Seebronner Pfännle , Iselshauser @-@ Bloff , the English breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese .
Workshops were baked , beautiful pieces of jewelry made of pearls and stones were created or a Roman mill game was made of wood .
Other highlights of the leisure time were fishing in a nearby pond , the evenings by the fire and the final &quot; colourful evening . &quot;
On the day of returning home , the sun was laughing , and children and young people were returning home satisfied .
Haigerloch : Pilgrimage to the Gate of Mercy
The ministers from the Eyachtal @-@ Haigerloch St. Anna spiritual unit were on a four @-@ day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg .
Together , four stages were completed .
In order to cover the period leading up to the next pilgrimage of all ministers in probably two years , the St. Anna Round of Ministers has decided to prepare and conduct a pilgrimage lasting several days .
Various pilgrimage destinations were examined and finally the bishop &apos;s town of Freiburg was chosen , where this year , on the occasion of the Holy Year of Mercy , a special pilgrimage destination was offered on the occasion of the gate of mercy at the Fribourg Cathedral , which was opened for this purpose .
16 minis from Bittelbronn , Gruol , Haigerloch and holy rooms set out .
The evening before , the parish priest , Storost , sent the pilgrims to a small celebration in St. Anna , blessed the cross and blessed the pilgrim blessing .
From Horb there was a train ride to the starting point of Villingen , where there is also a Cathedral of Our Lady and so the pilgrimage path from the Cathedral was started .
The individual day tours were each framed by a short impulse in the morning and in the evening with various prayers , songs and writings .
On the way , the minis stopped at field crosses , chapels or churches to sing together a song from specially compiled pilgrimage song booklet .
For the overnight stays the dormitories of the local pastors were available .
At the stages Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller provided for a tasty as well as invigorating dinner and breakfast .
On the second day we continued via Furtwangen to Gütenbach .
The next day they started the stage to St. Peter , which was the hardest part of the way , because in the heat of the day they had to descend about 500 metres and then climb again .
In the evening , the deserved reward was a shared barbecue at the bathing pond .
After the morning impulse on the fourth day of pilgrimage in the imposing convent church of St. Peter , we went on the final stage to Freiburg .
The Minis arrived at the Freiburger Münster in the late afternoon , visibly relieved and happy , and crossed the gate of mercy .
With a small impulse God was thanked here .
Cooperative Markus Obert welcomed the minis who arrived at the pilgrim &apos;s destination at the evening mass in the Cathedral .
After the service , pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and high altar .
The next day there was still time for the Breisgau metropolis .
In the afternoon we went back by train to Horb .
In the end , all participants agreed that the days were marked by spirituality and a strong sense of community .
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Britons get gold for cycling .
Scotland &apos;s Callum Skinner raced last night at the men &apos;s team sprint at the Velodrom in Rio , as the British team defended the London 2012 title .
The 23 @-@ year @-@ old from Glasgow took on the anchor role his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had taken on , and the boy made the legend proud as he stormed home to claim victory from New Zealand &apos;s favorites .
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago , while Hoy won the fifth of six Olympic gold medals .
They repeated the trick after finishing only a modest sixth place at the London World Railway Championships in March , despite Hoy &apos;s resignation .
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of driver Jamie Staff .
They did so in time for it to appear .
Hoy &apos;s retirement created a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill .
Skinner was the man they stayed with when they saw potential in the Scotsman that has now developed .
On the other hand , Kenny - who won with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying rounds , but in the standard laps New Zealand won in the first round .
And the British trio won the duel with gold .
On the other hand , his lap was short , but Kenny brought the team to the front and Skinner held it up .
A change of strategy was a major part of the transformation , in which Hinder drove in a higher gear to slow it down and allow Kenny , and especially Skinner , to keep up the pace .
Hoy looked on from his position as a BBC expert and caught the eye of Skinner , Kenny and Hindu as they rose on the podium .
The 23 @-@ year @-@ old Glasgow skinner said : &quot; It is a flattering comparison . &quot;
I am only here to do my best and make a name for myself .
In the end , we set an Olympic record and beat the World Champions .
It was simply incredible .
There is no better way to win this .
After the 2012 triumph side by side with Kennys and Hoys , Hinder admitted that , after a weak start , he deliberately fell on the track .
He later withdrew that statement , and there was no objection from England &apos;s rivals .
There was no such problem with such an overwhelming victory this time .
On the other hand , it said : &apos; It feels like London with all the GB flags in the gallery . &apos;
We have come together as a team over the last three months .
We lost so much on so many world titles that it was incredible to win the Olympics again .
This is an event , a gold medal for the nation , won seven out of 10 titles in both Beijing and London .
If this is a barometer of our progress over the last five months , then successful five days in the Velodrom are waiting for us .
With Kennys &quot; form , it is possible that he will repeat Hoy &apos;s victory of three Olympic gold medals in a competition .
For Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy , who was also born on 23 March ( a seemingly sacred date for British sport ; that day Steve Redgrave , Mo Farah , and Roger Bannister were also born ) - that would mean an yield of six gold medals and one silver medal .
That would be like Hoy &apos;s .
Kenny will be next in the sprint , which starts today and will go over three days .
The 28 @-@ year @-@ old from Bolton said : &apos; I only enjoy this for the moment &apos; .
The team event is always best .
You can win it with your colleagues .
It feels a bit lonely to win alone .
On the other hand , he said , &quot; If he wins two more gold medals , he should be beaten as a knight . &quot;
It was the only medal competition of the day , but there was more good news for England .
Sir Bradly Wiggins , Ed Clancy , Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four @-@ mile race .
They arrived at the finish in 3 : 51.942 .
The world record which won gold in London in 2012 was 3 : 51.659 .
The first and final round ( 22.42 ) will take place today on the second day of the competition , where Wiggins will certainly be the focus .
He argued with officials yesterday before the qualification when officials called him to measure his body size .
Laura Trott , Joanna Rowsell Shand , Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in world record time at 4 : 13.260 in the corresponding women &apos;s competition , which will continue and end tomorrow .
The UK team relies on its strong rail team to dominate the middle period of the Olympic Games and win a host of medals .
After a truly extraordinary portrayal of absolute dominance in Beijing and London , expectations for Rio have been reduced .
Dramas played out in the background , such as technical director Shane Sutton &apos;s resignation in April amid accusations of sexism and mobbing , as well as the retirement of figures such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton .
Looking at the first evening of the Velodrom competition , however , it looks as if the now legendary reputation of GB , which reached its peak at the perfect moment , could be repeated .
Future of the Portland melt due to the suspension of the energy contract
The future of Portland &apos;s aluminium melting plant in Victoria - as well as hundreds of workers &apos; jobs - is at stake , as the plant operator will terminate the energy supply contract , cancelling all supply contracts , according to the supplying energy company .
That move followed the Victoria government &apos;s decision earlier this year not to give any more subsidies to operate the plant .
A 20 @-@ year subsidy will come to an end in November .
Up to 2000 jobs at the Alcoa plant in Portland are at risk .
No fewer than 2 000 jobs - both direct and indirect - could be put at risk by closure .
There could also be knock @-@ on effects , as the melt consumes about 10 % of Victoria &apos;s total electricity production .
In 2014 , Alcoa closed its Point Henry smelting plant , which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year .
The Alcoa melting plant in Portland is losing money and is at risk of closure .
This move follows years of speculation about the plant &apos;s future , initially as a result of the strong Australian dollar , and most recently because of the plant &apos;s electricity price .
AGL , which supplies the large aluminium smelting plant with its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley , announced that it expects three other owners to terminate their contracts .
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina , with smaller shares held by CITIC and Marubeni Corp of Japan .
&quot; AGL expects the plant in Portland to continue to operate , which means further physical demand for electricity from the melt , &quot; the company said .
AGL also stated that the contracts were so @-@ called &quot; hedging transactions , &quot; which should have entered into force from November 2016 .
The contracts have a 12 @-@ month termination period , so they will end in 2017 .
&quot; Therefore , AGL expects the contracts to contribute to revenue in fiscal year 17 , &quot; said the electricity supplier .
All potential effects on AGL revenues from FY18 onwards are currently constrained by forecasts from the strong wholesale electricity derivatives markets .
AGL announced that it had already written off the value of the contracts in its annual statement of $ 187 million in anticipation of &quot; termination . &quot;
Alcoa said that the decision to award contracts does not affect the &quot; ability of Alcoas ... to operate the smelting or to provide electricity to the smelting plant . &quot;
The US company said that it signed a 20 @-@ year contract with Loy Yang in 2010 , which should have entered into force from November this year , though it still owes an explanation as to why it withdrew from the contract .
Analysts warn of the possible closure of the Portland melt shop in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economic conditions in the industry .
Referring to what analysts said earlier this week , Stephen Mikkelsen , Head of Operations , said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of electricity per year and Tomago around 900 megawatts of electricity per year .
Should both plants disappear from the market , demand in the &#91; electricity market &#93; would be significantly reduced .
And for us as electricity producers that would not be good , &quot; he said .
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star , Kendall is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue .
Kendall Jenner , 20 , model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of Kardashian Jenner clan Kris , is on the cover of the coveted September issue of the US Vogue .
Kendall , brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and running on Fashion Weeks in Milan , Paris and New York , announced the news on Thursday on her Instagram account .
&quot; In a room full of people I love , the sight of this cover made me cry , &quot; Kendall wrote .
The unveiling of the cover was followed by a bizarre ( or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashan @-@ like ? ) reality video that features the entire Kardashian Jenner family ( except for Rob and Caitlyn , and in the presence of the much @-@ loved showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest ) , which forgets their sister &apos;s cover and ends with a classic twist : they all planned a surprise party .
This represents the cliché @-@ like plot of almost every birthday episode of a children &apos;s programme ( Seacrest said , &quot; You thought we had forgotten you ? , &quot; with the honesty of a cartoon on on a television station at 8 a.m. in the morning ) , but Kris somehow had to let her other girls participate in this publicity .
With regard to the September edition of the Vogue , a new era of Kardashians has certainly begun .
Kendall &apos;s big sister Kim may have beaten her on the Vogue cover ( she and her husband Kanye West were seen on it in April 2014 ) , but the cover of the magazine &apos;s September issue is a league in its own right .
The September issue is Vogue &apos;s best @-@ selling issue of the year .
With a scope more similar to an illustrated book than a fashion magazine , the edition attracts a large number of advertisers ( 615 pages of the 832 pages of the shaft , according to Fashionista ) .
The revelation of his cover star is so eagerly awaited that images of the magazine trickled through in the last two years , even before it was officially announced .
Women who have already been on the cover include Naomi Campbell , Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss .
In recent years , there have clearly been more &quot; celebrities who model &quot; than &quot; models who are celebrities &quot; on the cover .
Oscar Laureate and Dior Brand Ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013 , a year after Lady Gaga had the honor .
But even at the low chance that Mrs Jenner - described by the magazine as her generation &apos;s &quot; breakthrough model &quot; - will fall into the former category , she is in good company .
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or young people of today who know how to make a good Snapchat video ( even if all of them apply to Jenner ) .
They are truly talented women who excel in the entertainment industry .
Beyonce , who appeared on the last cover , had one of the most successful years of her career with the release of Lemonade .
Of course , Jenner &apos;s success does not please everyone .
With her reality TV story , Jenner &apos;s position in the fashion world has always been a bit tense .
In June , former Victoria &apos;s Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid criticized her and called her &quot; the Mistpieces of the Instant . &quot;
These feelings boiled over again when Jenner &apos;s message appeared on the Vogue Cover .
But to dwell on the displeasure seems to pass the point .
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue .
She is literally a supermodel .
It runs for Marc Jacobs .
It makes advertising for your Estee Lauder undercoat .
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their respective Paywall Apps .
She sells pictures of Cindy Crawford &apos;s daughter to LOVE magazine .
And in her spare time she can be seen on reality TV , presumably just to see her sister Kourtney and her children .
Local law centres turn away 160,000 people a year .
More than 160,000 of the country &apos;s most vulnerable people are turned away each year by community law centers , while the industry prepares to face the impact of further cuts in funds on already overburdened transactions .
In Queensland , three out of five people - mostly the elderly , immigrants , needy workers , victims of violence , and those without the means for unjust deportations and the like - are already being turned away when they apply for free legal advice and assistance .
Local legal services , which are already overused , are preparing for further cuts .
From June next year , these legal centres are expected to lose a further 30 percent of their federal funds .
The director of the Queesland James Farrell community rights centres said that the latest survey of the National Association of Community Law Centres found that thousands of people are already turned away each year .
Farrell said that the situation would only get worse without repealing the federal government &apos;s decision .
&quot; Queensland &apos;s municipal law centers are chronically underfunded , which means that thousands of people are turned away from important services you need , &quot; he said .
People who leave violent relationships , people with unmanageable and stifling debts , families going through separation , workers who have been unfairly dismissed - all these people have problems of a legal nature and this survey shows that they cannot get the help they need .
From June 2017 , the federal government will cut funding by 30 % , which means that thousands of more vulnerable people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help .
We call on the Federal Attorney @-@ General and Federal Justice Minister , as well as Queensland senators George Brandis , to lift these cuts immediately so that people can get the help they need in the event of legal problems .
Last year , the national government delivered on its promise to raise funds for legal assistance to the national average .
It is now time to look at the needs of community law centres and their client communities , as well as for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work .
Accused of Trump &apos;s campaign after employees allegedly took a gun .
New York - Donald Trump &apos;s campaign has been indicted for alleged inaction after she was told that her campaign leader directed a gun at an aide in February while they were on a jeep in February .
The incident is described in an indictment filed on Wednesday in the Charlotte State Court by Vincent Bordini , a former software programmer for the campaign in that state .
Bordini claimed that he had been waiting for months that the matter would be settled internally before realizing that &quot; this would not happen . &quot;
The campaign leader , Earl Philip , &quot; put on a gun , put his right finger on the trigger , and raced the race at Vincent &apos;s knee , &quot; said Bordini in his indictment .
After complaining to the local and regional campaign management , Bordini found that at least four other people had already had the same experience with Phillip , stating in the indictment .
&quot; Weapons don &apos;t have to be fired to cause damage , &quot; said Bordini .
The charge comes only two days after the Republican presidential candidate incited riots when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the Second Amendment people - gun owners and gun friends - should take action if his rival , Hillary Clinton , is elected and appoint judges .
Trump &apos;s campaign made it clear that the media had taken his words out of context , and that he would not incite violence .
Bordini &apos;s complaint claims damages from the Diligence Campaign and from Philip for physical injury and permanent mental injury .
Trump &apos;s press spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , could not be reached for a statement .
Attempts to contact Philip also failed .
WCCB , a local news station in Charlotte , reports that Phillip is no longer an employee of the campaign .
Calls to his consulting firm , Innovative Consulting Services , were not responded to .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been running a controversial campaign so far .
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc . , 16 @-@ CS @-@ 14300 , Supreme Court , County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ) .
Berlin / Schwerin : Survey before Country Elections : SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the federal states Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania ( 4 September ) and Berlin ( 18 September ) , considerable losses for the ruling parties SPD and CDU are becoming apparent .
This was the finding of representative surveys conducted by the opinion research institute INSA for the &quot; Bild &quot; newspaper ( Friday ) .
While the red @-@ black coalition government in the north could continue to govern just a little further , according to the polls in Berlin this is not possible .
In both German states , however , the SPD would be the strongest party , and would thus have a good chance of retaining the head of government .
In Mecklenburg @-@ Western Pomerania , the SPD fell from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent .
The party would thus be close to the CDU , which could return to 23 % , according to the survey .
Third place is disputed between the left and the AfD .
The left would be 19 % ( previously 18.4 % ) , and the AfD would be 19 % for the first time in the state parliament .
Despite slight losses , the Greens would return to the Schwerin parliament with 6 percent ( previously 8.7 percent ) .
The NPD and the FDP would not be represented in the state parliament with 3 percent each .
According to the poll , the SPD would only reach 23 % in Berlin &apos;s House of Deputies election ( election 2011 : 28.3 % ) .
The CDU only reached 18 percent , down from 23.4 percent .
It would still lag behind the Greens , at 19 % ( 2011 : 17.6 % ) , but ahead of the left , at 15 % ( previously 11.7 % ) .
The AfD would have 14 % representation in the Congress for the first time .
With 5 % , the FDP could hope for a return , whereas the pirates would miss out , unlike in 2011 .
Nokia 9000 Communicator : The First Smartphone
E @-@ mail and Internet in slow motion : 20 years ago , the Nokia Communicator came on the market .
The successors now dominate the world - its manufacturer suffered a disaster .
The device weighed almost half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5 .
It was thicker and bigger , so it did not lie well in your hand .
On the contrary , it was pretty knockout .
The built @-@ in memory was eight megabytes in the beginning , which would be enough for about two selfs with high resolution today .
An iPhone now ships with at least 16 gigabytes .
Exactly 20 years ago , on August 15 , 1996 , the &quot; Nokia 9000 Communicator &quot; went into stores - and it was the first smartphone .
Lovers of these devices can still buy them on the Internet for a few euros , but they somehow date back to the Stone Age of the Internet .
But 20 years ago , the communicator was a sensation .
The Finnish manufacturer of mobile phones announced the product as a &quot; pocket @-@ sized office &quot; at the Cebit computer fair in Hanover a few months earlier .
In fact , the new mobile phone could for then standards a lot : SMS and e @-@ mails could be sent and received , even by fax was the communicator to reach .
Even HTML browser access to web pages was possible , though painfully slow .
A pocket calculator was available , a digital address book and an electronic calendar .
There was a small antenna , and the mobile phone could be opened similar to a laptop .
Then there was a small keyboard and a black @-@ and @-@ white screen .
The prize was rather proud : DM 2700 , or about EUR 1400 .
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany in 2015 was 392 euros .
No one could have guessed in August 1996 that the communicator would be the beginning of the smart phone era .
Since then , everything has changed .
The clever phones are a success story , though not for Nokia .
The Finnish mobile phone sector experienced an unprecedented disaster , eventually being sold to Microsoft .
The market today is dominated by suppliers , all of whom came much later than Nokia .
Being online all the time , that &apos;s everyday life for a lot of people today .
In 2015 , there were nearly two billion smart phone users worldwide .
Some 1.4 billion devices have been sold , of which Samsung and Apple alone account for 555 million .
Worldwide sales of the equipment are around 400 billion euros .
On top of that , there are the well @-@ run businesses of the countless app providers and telecommunications companies .
A whole industry has come into being around the smart phone .
The decisive breakthrough to the mass market came only in early 2007 , when Apple CEO Steve Jobs announced the introduction of the iPhone on Mac @-@ World .
He promised three devices in one : a music player , a phone and an Internet communicator , all by touch screen easy to use .
Apple &apos;s triumphal march began , and the iPhone is still the company &apos;s most important product today .
Nokia , Motorola and Blackberry , which dominated the market , were left behind .
They eventually disappeared , Blackberry is struggling .
Apple and Asian suppliers such as Samsung are now in charge .
The Smartphone is taken for granted 20 years after its invention .
On average , every German now looks at his or her mobile phone 88 times a day .
&quot; We all need to learn to remove the smartphone , &quot; said Janina Kugel , who is responsible for human resources on the Siemens Board of Directors .
Permanent accessibility is now seen as both a curse and a blessing .
England Must Lead the Olympic Spirit and Expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only to our local communities and to the whole of London , but to the whole country .
For me , this was the biggest attraction Heathrow , just as it was in London in 2012 , when we put a great deal of effort into ensuring that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games .
The Olympics brought great benefits to Stratford and the East End .
And we will do that again by creating new opportunities for local residents and companies near Heathrow .
For our local communities alone , we will already be creating 10,000 new apprenticeships , 40,000 new jobs and putting an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment .
As they were ahead of us in London in 2012 , there will be those who will think that the challenge of extension Heathrows is too great .
I have been told that England will never be ready for the Games and that we will make fools of ourselves on the world stage .
The doubters were wrong in 2012 , and they will be wrong with Heathrow .
There are always obstacles to overcome , but Heathrow answers every question put to it .
Like the Olympic Games , Heathrow is an infrastructure project for many , not for individuals .
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs , £ 211 billion in economic growth , and to leave a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK .
We have a great team at Heathrow , which has spent £ 11 billion on infrastructure investment in time and budget , from the T5 - voted the world &apos;s best airport terminal for five consecutive years - to the T2 , built in the middle of the world &apos;s two busiest catwalks .
Now they stand ready to deliver a third catwalk , supported by £ 16 billion in private investment .
The London Games of 2012 were a great success for the UK , and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will be one as well .
It is time that we steered this Olympic spirit and extended Heathrow , while securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment of which England can be proud .
Lord Paul Deighton is Chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury .
Adblock Plus , Facebook in the &quot; Cat and Mouse Game &quot; regarding ad blocking .
According to one of the software companies , trying to circumvent ad blocking is a &quot; cat and mouse game &quot; for companies that make money from online advertising .
On Thursday , just two days after Facebook announced that it would block ad blocking on its desktop , Adblock Plus published a blog post announcing that users could update their program filters to block ads on the social network again .
On Tuesday , Facebook announced that its desktop page would change the encoding of its advertisements to make it more difficult to recognize block ads about which part of the site is advertising .
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to circumvent the new codes .
In a blog post , Adblock Ben Williams &quot; spokesman wrote that &quot; this kind of back @-@ and @-@ forth battle between the blocking open source community and the bypassers has been going on since ad blockers were invented , &quot; and that Facebook may soon come up with a new solution .
The fact that the world &apos;s largest social media company has joined the fight is a strong indication of how worrying ad blockers have become for the industry .
Worldwide , according to a study last year by Pagefair and Adobe , around 200 million people use ad blockers , almost four times as much in 2013 .
With 1.03 billion active users accessing Facebook every day via their mobile devices , mobile advertising accounts for 84 percent of advertising revenue for Facebook .
The company is targeting ad blockers on desktop PCs , as mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebook &apos;s mobile app for the social network and instagram , a spokesperson said .
Advertising on desktop PCs accounts for enough revenue to make Facebook consider it worthwhile to invest in such a move .
On Tuesday , Facebook announced that it would update its ad preference tool to give people more control over advertising targeted at them .
On Thursday , Facebook claimed that Adblock &apos;s new filters were worrying because they would also block non @-@ advertising content on the site .
&quot; For users , this is not a positive experience , so we plan to address the issue , &quot; said a Facebook spokesman in an email message .
Ad blocking is a blunt tool , which is why we have instead focused on developer tools such as Ad Preferences to put more control in people &apos;s hands .
Woman suspected of committing suicide on a Swiss motorway
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night .
Police are calling witnesses after a woman was run over on a motorway in the early hours of the morning on Thursday during a suspected suicide of several vehicles .
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in Canton Vaud just after midnight .
A woman took to the streets in the dark &quot; in an act of despair , &quot; and was hit by several cars , said the police in Vaud .
It is obvious that a Swiss woman aged 49 , who was run over by several vehicles , including a lorry , wanted to kill herself .
She still died on the spot .
Several drivers have already been heard , but some have still not been identified , said the police , who are urging them , as well as any witnesses , to come forward .
An investigation has been opened , which is a &quot; logical &quot; step in such a situation , Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve .
It remains to be seen , however , whether one of the drivers will be shown .
Was a crash avoidable ?
This is something that the prosecutor must decide , &quot; said Hofstetter .
Two similar cases in the last five years show that drivers are not being held to account .
In each of the two cases - in which a person was walking on the motorway in the dark - it was decided that drivers should not have to assume that a pedestrian was walking on the motorway in the middle of the night , as the newspaper said .
Last year , a police officer was acquitted of reckless killing after running over and killing a man who was on A1 near Payerne in August 2014 one night .
The 22 @-@ year @-@ old victim had drunk and became unconscious in the street , the court heard .
The court found that the policeman -- who had responded to an emergency call -- was driving in a justified manner , and that the presence of a man on the street was &quot; an entirely exceptional and unpredictable situation , &quot; the judge said .
Anyone with any further information about the incident on Thursday near Morges should contact the police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44 .
NASA climate model : Venus was once habitable
According to projections of a new NASA climate model , Venus was probably once habitable .
Scientists at NASA &apos;s Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to discover Venus &apos;s past using tools and algorithms similar to those of climate researchers .
The model was designed to determine whether Venus , with its hot , waterless surface and CO2 @-@ dense atmosphere , might once have had earth @-@ like conditions .
Scientists have previously indicated that the slow rotation of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere .
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus may have had a thin earth @-@ like atmosphere , and that it was still slowly moving forward .
The model also shed light on the topography of early Venus .
The planet probably had more arid areas than Earth , but it once had enough water and geographical variability to shelter life and protect it from rapid evaporation .
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent matter .
&quot; In the GISS model simulation , the slow rotation of Venus exposes its day side of the sun for nearly two months , &quot; explained GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release .
This warms the surface and produces rain , which creates a thick layer of clouds , which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the sun &apos;s heat .
The result is average temperatures that are a few degrees cooler than those on Earth today .
The model produced a history of Venus similar to the evolution previously suspected by planetary researchers .
Although once probably habitable , Venus has been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light over several billion years .
Their oceans evaporated and their steam was burned away by ultraviolet light .
When their hydrogen escaped , only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide remained , with a lethal greenhouse effect -- the Venus with which we are familiar today .
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letter .
Patrick Roy steps down as Avalanche &apos;s coach
Patrick Roy stepped down on Thursday as coach and vice president of hockey operations at Colorado Avalanche and led the team &apos;s decision @-@ making process with too little participation .
Alternative president / general manager of Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and noted that the club will immediately look for a new coach .
&quot; Over the past three years , I have fulfilled my duties as Chief Trainer and Vice President of Hockey Operations of Colorado Avalanche with energy , passion and determination , &quot; said 50 @-@ year @-@ old Roy in a statement .
Over the summer , I have thought long and hard about how I could improve this team in order to give it more depth , require it and take it to a higher level .
To achieve this , the vision of the trainer and vice president of hockey operations must be perfectly aligned with that of the organization .
He must also have a say in decisions that affect the performance of the team .
These conditions are not being met at the moment .
Sakic , who had hired Roy on May 23 , 2013 , thanked him for his contributions to the team .
&quot; Patrick informed me of this decision today , &quot; said Sakic .
We all appreciate what he has done for our organization and wish him the best for the future .
Roy won the Jack Adams Award as the league &apos;s best coach during his Avalanches debut season in 2013 @-@ 14 .
He led the club to 112 points and first place in Central Vision , but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the Minnesota Playoffs and missed the low season in each of the last two years .
The avalanches had a 39 @-@ 39 @-@ 4 mark in the 2015 @-@ 16 season and fell five points behind the game for a second wild card spot in the Western Conference .
As Hall of Fame goalkeeper , Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche .
North Sea oil workers resume talks , suspend strikes
Labour disputes over compensation for North Sea oil workers will be suspended while all the parties to the dispute sit down at the table for a new round of talks , negotiators said .
Strikes against the oil field service provider Wood Group have been sporadically carried out on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell .
&quot; Wood Group as well as Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the settlement process of the current dispute , &quot; said a joint statement .
We will have a few full @-@ day meetings over the next few weeks , which will start early next year to tackle the problems again .
Trade unions said that their last strike , which is the first in more than 25 years , was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 % .
This year , Wood Group cut rates to its North Sea counterparties by around 9 percent due to negative market pressure .
The company &apos;s rate cut follows a 10 percent decline for onshore contractors in 2014 .
The company said that additional cuts would give the company the space it needs to get through the market downturn .
Shell , for its part , has laid off thousands of people and announced plans to close its oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations as a result of its mega @-@ merger with the UK energy company BG Group .
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices , an economic situation reinforced by the British decision in June to leave the European Union .
Dave Anderson , a Scottish MP , met with workers &apos; leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest industrial disputes in a generation in the North Sea .
The North Sea is important to the regional economy , he said .
&quot; In the North Sea and across the country , we need an economy that works for many and not just for a few , &quot; he said in a statement .
In 2016 , less than $ 1.4 billion is expected to be spent on new projects in the North Sea , compared to an average of around $ 7 billion over the past five years .
Kepler measures rotation rates of stars in the Pleijades &quot; cluster of stars
The latest mission with the Kepler Space Telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of rotation rates under the stars of the Pleijades &apos; cluster of stars .
The new data help astronomers understand why stars rotate at different rates in the cluster of stars , as well as how the rotation periods relate to planetary formation .
&quot; We hope to learn more about the relationship between a star &apos;s mass , its age , and even the history of its solar system by comparing our results with other clusters of stars , &quot; said Luisa Rebull , a researcher at Caltech &apos;s Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena , in a press release .
The cluster of stars of the Pleijades lies 445 light years from Earth .
Many stars in this cluster of stars , which were created about 125 million years ago , are now reaching adulthood .
They are now turning fastest .
At peak rotation rates , these maturing stars emit large amounts of star winds .
Because these winds travel through the magnetic fields of stars , they have a slowing effect on the stars .
When a star ages , its rotation rate begins to slow .
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star by detecting the time between the appearance of a recognizable star spot -- like solar spots .
The latest catalog of rotation rates indicates that more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars .
Rebull compares the stars to dancers , with larger stars spinning more slowly than smaller ones .
&quot; In the plejades &quot; ballet , &quot; we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive , whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars , &quot; said Rebull .
Because the cluster of stars of the Pleijades is so close , it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates .
&quot; The cluster of stars of the Pleijades provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions , younger and older , &quot; said Rebull .
We still have a lot to learn about , how , when , and why stars slow down their rotation rates and hang up their &quot; dance shoes . &quot;
Rebull and her colleagues have reported extensively in three newspaper reports on their latest analysis of the Plejades &quot; rotation rates , which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal .
A Controversial Baseball Star Step Out
Tears ran faster from base to base at Alex Rodriguez than the US baseball star did in the best of days .
After his emotional resignation announcement , the 41 @-@ year @-@ old professional will wear the jersey of his New York Yankees for the last time on August 12 against the Tampa Bay Rays .
&quot; I love this game and this team . &quot;
&quot; I say &apos; Goodbye &apos; to both , &quot; the 14 @-@ time Major League Baseball ( MLB ) All @-@ Star Game participant explained .
Rodriguez was voted the league &apos;s most valuable player three times , and in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees .
Since 2007 , his signature on a ten @-@ year contract has earned him $ 27 million annually .
Until the end of the contract on 31 December 2017 , he will continue to be a consultant and youth coach - on full pay .
As a player , Rodriguez paid it back with performance for a long time .
He scored 696 homeruns , 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ( &quot; runs &quot; ) for the Seattle Mariners ( 1994 to 2000 ) , the Texas Rangers ( 2001 to 2004 ) and since 2005 the Yankees .
With Hall @-@ of @-@ Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays , only two other baseball players have similar scores in the most important statistics .
Nevertheless , the 41 @-@ year @-@ old should not be admitted to the baseball &apos;s glory hall .
For as successful as Rodriguez - nickname &quot; A @-@ Rod &quot; - was on the field , his appearance outside the pitch is just as controversial .
The superstar admitted on &quot; ESPN &quot; in 2009 that he had consumed banned steroids between 2001 and 2003 .
In August 2013 , due to involvement in the so @-@ called biogenesis scandal , he was banned from 211 games until the end of 2014 .
Rodriguez is regarded as the prime suspect of having received performance @-@ enhancing drugs for years through an anti @-@ aging clinic in South Florida .
After a legal dispute , the ban was reduced to 162 matches .
&quot; The league may even have done me a favor in 2014 , because I played through 20 years without a break , &quot; Rodriguez quipped .
His farewell days are not without their noise either .
While many baseball legends get the big stage again in their last matches , Rodriguez often had to sit on the bench .
&quot; My job does not include a farewell tour . &quot;
&quot; My job involves trying to win every game , &quot; Yankees coach Joe Girardi estimated .
After all , Rodriguez , who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and is believed to have been associated with Popstar Madonna and actress Kate Hudson , received expressions of sympathy from fans of Yankee archrival Boston Red Sox .
&quot; We want A @-@ Rod , &quot; the supporters sang in the 4 : 9 defeat against the Rodriguez team .
Olympic 2016 : Chen Xinyi , Silwia Danekova , and Adrian Zielinski are first cases of doping
caught : Due to a positive doping test Adrian Zielinski from Poland is not allowed to take off in Rio .
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympic Games are overshadowed by the first official cases of doping .
A caught athlete almost won a medal .
Before the seventh day of competition , the first official cases of doping became known at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro .
China &apos;s swimmer Chen Xinyi , Bulgaria &apos;s 3,000 @-@ meter obstacle runner Silwia Danekova , and Poland &apos;s Adrian Zielinski have been tested positively in Brazil and expelled - just before the already @-@ critical athletics competitions begin , these news comes at the wrong time .
In Chen , the diuretic agent hydrochlorothiazide , which is used as a masking agent for doping substances , was discovered as early as last Sunday .
The International Sports Court CAS confirmed on Friday afternoon local time their exclusion from the Olympic Games .
On Sunday , the 18 @-@ year @-@ old had finished fourth in the final over 100 m butterfly , only 0.09 seconds away from the bronze medal .
On Friday , Chen should have participated in the races over 50 m Freistil .
Chen has requested that the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) open the B sample and hold a hearing .
The National Federation takes the matter &quot; very seriously and requires Chen to cooperate fully in the investigations , &quot; Xinhua quoted in a statement : &quot; We will cooperate with the International Sports Court CAS and will accept the ruling . &quot;
For the first time in history , it is no longer the IOC but the CAS that is responsible for sanctioning athletes with positive cases .
The news of the positive rehearsal at Danekova also trickled through on the night of Rio , and the 33 @-@ year @-@ old went on the offensive herself .
&quot; I had three tests , all negative , and my fourth test was positive , &quot; she told the Bulgarian TV station BNT , &quot; this was an incredible shock . &quot;
She was innocent , &quot; the only explanation could be food supplements , &quot; the athlete explained .
According to the report , the banned substance is EPO , a blood doping drug .
Danekova has been suspended for the time being , according to BNT the B @-@ sample is said to have already been positive .
Bulgaria &apos;s Prime Minister , Bojko Borisov , spoke immediately with criticism of the athlete .
&quot; I do not understand why the athletes do not draw the right conclusions , &quot; he said : &quot; We Bulgarians are under observation , so many have already been excluded . &quot;
For example , all weight @-@ lifting agents from the chronically drug @-@ laden nation are not allowed to participate in Rio .
On Friday also the case of Adrian Zielinski , the London Olympic champion in the class up to 85 kg , was tested positive for the anabolic steroid Nandrolon three days earlier , like his brother Tomasz .
Both deny taking it , but are not allowed to start in the class up to 94 kg .
The Danekova case , in particular , is another major blow to the reputation of the sport as a whole before the start of the track and field .
The IAAF had banned the entire Russian team from starting on the grounds of systematic doping , with the exception of the runner nation Kenya , which also produces a lot of bad news in Rio .
In swimming , previous offences in China also caused a fierce confrontation between athletes .
Camille Lacourt , the French , attacked the Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harshly .
&apos;Sun Yang pee purple . &apos;
&quot; When I see the podium over 200 m freestyle , I want to hand myself over , &quot; Lacourt said on French radio .
Sun was also at the center of a dispute with Australian Mack Horton .
&quot; I have no time and no respect for doping fraudsters , &quot; he said .
Sun had been tested positively for the Stimulans Trimetazidin in the 2014 Chinese Championships , but only had to serve a three @-@ month suspension .
Data theft : So perfidious hackers extort their ransom .
Programmers of blackmail malware are currently attacking companies in a targeted manner - and are succeeding .
According to a recent survey by malware defence specialists Malwarebytes of 540 companies in North America , the United Kingdom and Germany , 40 percent of the companies surveyed have been victims of blackmail attacks at least once , sometimes several times , in the past 12 months .
In Germany , almost 20 % of companies have already been the target of ransomware blackmail .
Forty per cent of the victims willingly paid the ransoms demanded of the perpetrators in order to be able to reuse the attacked systems and data .
According to Malwarebytes &apos; observations , the perpetrators are increasingly specializing in their blackmail software for attacks on corporate networks .
If they succeed , the potential ransom is much higher than that of private users .
&quot; We are currently witnessing a frighteningly rapid evolution of malware , &quot; explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski in conversation with the &quot; world . &quot;
In 2008 , most malware programs were still designed to send advertising .
Then the perpetrators discovered blackmail software for themselves .
First , private users were targeted , but the shift to corporate attacks has been alarmingly rapid in recent months .
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern : Once active on a victim &apos;s computer , it searches specifically for recently modified files such as Word , Excel or database files , as well as archives of images and videos .
These files encrypt the Ransomware and delete the originals permanently .
The software then presents the blackmailer &apos;s demands .
In order to get the final key code to the files , victims have to transfer money - usually in the form of the crypto currency Bitcoin .
But where the personal photo database is at stake for private users , companies are dealing with sensitive customer data or project databases , without which production will stop .
Correspondingly , when Ransomware strikes , the damage is higher .
22 percent of the German companies affected reported losses in sales due to Ransomware , 13 percent even had to suspend their business completely , in one case people were in danger of dying .
Hospitals in Germany have repeatedly been the victims of attacks , the patients of which may be at acute risk from the loss of medical records .
&quot; We always say to the victims : don &apos;t pay , you &apos;re just promoting the problem , &quot; Kleczynski explains .
But 80 @-@ 90 % of the firms that pay get their data back .
Managers find it difficult to reject the perpetrators &quot; demands in the face of operational standstill .
The hackers , in turn , know this and try their best to build a good reputation .
In a recent study , the security researchers at F @-@ Secure have examined the user interface and the contact with the blackmailers and conclude that the perpetrators are indeed trying to establish some sort of customer service in order to raise more money .
They explain to their victims via chat how to pay by bitcoin , set up free @-@ to @-@ access support websites or decrypt example files for free .
And if individuals are redeemed after paying a few hundred euros , companies sometimes have to negotiate hard and pay five @-@ digit sums to get their data back unencrypted .
With the potential for high and relatively risk @-@ free profits from ransomware blackmail , hackers are becoming more professional and sharing the work , security expert Chester Wisniewski of anti @-@ virus Sophos explains : &quot; A single person can write a ransomware about a week . &quot;
However , it is more likely to be three or four people .
The programmers then sell their malicious software in the form of a set of software modules to the actual blackmailers .
The previous malware kits were created by buying the malware itself , advice and additional tools for a one @-@ time fixed price of between 1000 and 10,000 dollars .
&quot; It comes with a customization tool so you can modify smaller configurations , appearance and branding , &quot; says Wisniewski .
The blackmailers then seek out more hackers to spread the newly bought software among the victims .
We live in a service economy .
So you log into one of the underground forums , buy the set from a criminal and ask another to install the software on as many PCs as possible .
The payment is made per infected computer .
&quot; Criminals usually then hire spammers to distribute it , &quot; Wisniewski explains .
The risk of Ransomware is now well @-@ known among many companies that make their data more secure .
More than 50 percent of companies IT managers in the Malwarebytes survey trust they can ward off Ransomware with file back @-@ ups and scanner software .
Accordingly , the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies .
&quot; When data encryption alone is no longer a sufficient threat to successful capture , the perpetrators instead threaten to publish sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations , &quot; explains Malwarebytes Chairman Marcin Kleczynski .
Depending on the type of data , the potential for damage is thus many times higher than before .
The perpetrators could also target completely new targets on the Internet of Things in the future .
At the hacker conference Defcon , security researchers demonstrated how they could gain control of a thermostat connected to the Internet .
In the middle of winter , unlocking such a blocked heating system may well be worth ransom to some victims .
If the perpetrators then block an entire production line in a factory instead of the heating in future , Ransomware could also become an issue in industry 4.0 .
One for all cases
HONDA HR @-@ V is flexible and suitable for everyday use .
Honda wants to pack everything in the small HR @-@ V : a little SUV , a little coupé and even the versatility of a minivan .
Sounds rather overloaded , but the HR @-@ V , which was constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz , actually proves to be extremely flexible in everyday life .
Although the HR @-@ V , which is only 1.60m high , seems rather small , passengers have a lot of space in both the front row and the rear , as it does not appear tight at any point .
The materials of the interior are well finished and have a pleasant effect , only the cockpit upper side falls off somewhat .
The HR @-@ V is more versatile than comparable vehicles when it comes to storage space .
Not only is there a trunk of 453 l for upright backrests and 1026 l for folded backrests , but there is also the Magic Seats .
This is less magical than it sounds : the seats of the rear bench can be folded up like cinema chairs , providing storage space that is 1.24 m high from the floor to the ceiling .
The boot is easy to load , although the 650 mm loading height is slightly higher than that of the comparable Peugeot 2008 .
Thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm , the tested 1.6 l diesel engine with 88 kW / 120 hp accelerates the HR @-@ V very powerfully at wide engine speeds .
He is , however , likely to do his job a little more quietly .
Everyday consumption of 4.7 l / 100 km is pleasant .
There is also another engine : a 1.5 l gasoline engine with 96 kW / 130 hp .
All @-@ wheel drive is not offered .
The driving behaviour is balanced , a good compromise between dynamics and comfort .
However , the steering should be a little more direct .
The equipment in the tested top version &quot; Executive &quot; leaves nothing to be desired .
Safety systems include the City Emergency Brake Assistant ( working up to speed 32 ) , collision warning system and lane departure warning system .
The collision warning is sometimes irritating because it evaluates many obstacles during moving as &quot; approaching objects . &quot;
The remote light assistant works very reliable .
And the intelligent tempo controller reacts to traffic sign recognition and reduces the speed if necessary .
But full connectivity is only available for the top @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line features : 7 @-@ inch touch screen , navigators , app integration and more .
Two USB connectors and one HDMI connector lie under the armrest and are therefore somewhat cumbersome to reach .
The around EUR 29000 for the well @-@ equipped top diesel is fine .
Anyone who does not want to invest so much will receive the petrol from EUR 20000 and the diesel from EUR 23000 .
The engines meet the Euro 6 emission standard .
With the HR @-@ V , Honda offers a versatile and everyday car .
Airline is not liable : crash on passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the passenger bridge .
The Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court ( Administrative Court ) argued that liability could only be envisaged in the event of dangers typical of air transport ( Case No 18 U 124 / 14 ) .
The plaintiff had broken a knee disc when he fell .
However , the accident could have happened anywhere - it was a general risk to life , the court said .
The airline did not have to pay compensation to the man .
Case of illness : When will the organizer pay ?
Sick holidaymakers only get money back after their journey if the cause of the disease is undoubtedly to be found in the hotel .
However , this is only the case if more than 10 % of guests have been shown to have the same symptoms .
In the case in question , a family suffered from diarrhea and vomiting on the second day of their holiday in Turkey .
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room .
The holidaymakers attributed their illness to a faulty sewage plant that had allegedly polluted the sea water .
The family felt that the trip was thus flawed - and sued the organizer .
In court , the plaintiffs did not succeed .
It is true that the sewage treatment plant was defective .
But the organizer did not learn about it until shortly before the plaintiff left .
Until then , he had to assume that the seawater was in order .
So he did not violate his duty to provide information , the ruling went .
Especially as no contamination was found in the samples of water .
The illness of several hotel guests - possibly due to inter @-@ contagion - is part of the general life risk .
Of 691 guests , only 38 were ill .
De Maizière said that , after the violence committed by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July , many people were worried about further attacks .
The state must respond calmly and resolutely to the threats of terrorism .
What is certain is that our country will not respond to the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division .
We will not grant terrorists that victory .
If criminals had to leave the country more quickly , however , this would increase security and also strengthen public support for refugee policy .
De Maizière wants the proposals to be implemented by the 2017 federal election .
He also announced a further increase in the number of personnel in the security forces , &quot; in the medium of four digits over several years . &quot;
The promotion of sympathy for terrorism must once again be criminalised .
Video surveillance is to be improved and the law on weapons revised in such a way as to make it particularly difficult to buy weapons on the Internet .
According to de Maizière , the duty of silence for doctors , which has recently been much discussed , is to be preserved .
However , he said that , in dialogue with the medical profession , he wants to find solutions to reduce the risk of harm to citizens , for example with regard to psychological problems .
In order to counter the radicalisation of refugees , the minister believes that better social care is needed .
Teachers need to be better prepared to deal with traumatised people .
In order to prosecute criminals in specific areas of the Internet ( Darknet ) , de Maizière plans to use undercover investigators .
SPD Chairman Gabriel said : &quot; The SPD is prepared to talk about anything that helps to further increase security . &quot;
It is important that the Interior Minister spoke out clearly against actionism .
&quot; This was a slap in the face for the sharpeners in the CDU / CSU , &quot; Gabriel said to the newspapers of the Funke Media Group ( Friday ) .
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the Union for a ban on burqas and the abolition of dual nationality .
He considers a general ban on full cover @-@ ups to be constitutionally problematic .
One cannot prohibit everything that one rejects , and I reject the wearing of the burka .
Speeches could be made about rules , for example , in road transport or for witnesses in court .
The head of the Green Party , Simone Peter , accused the minister of wanting to simulate energy and the ability to act with more and more anti @-@ terrorism packages .
The leader of the Left , Bernd Riexinger , said : &apos; Fleet sayings and a tightening up of the right of residence will not bring more security to the people of that country &apos; .
Better flux of traffic on highway access
The traffic jams regularly on the bypass - here is a picture from November .
But that is about to change : the bending of the law is to be extended .
This is good news for all drivers who find themselves stuck in traffic jams on the surrounding road every evening when they drive over the A43 motorway .
The Landesbetrieb Straßenbau extends next Tuesday and Wednesday ( 16 / 17 August ) in the area between Hammer Straße and the exit Weseler Straße the right turning lane by 700 metres .
Drivers can thread directly from the Hammer Straße to the right .
The big advantage : traffic is divided up earlier , which improves the overall functioning of the busy section of state highway 51 .
The CDU faction in the districts of Münster @-@ West had the idea of extending the exit .
The traffic constriction on the feeder irritates drivers especially between 5 and 7 p.m.
On weekdays , the backlog reaches as far as the bridge over the Albersloh Path and sometimes beyond .
The reason for this is the bottleneck on the B 51 just before the exit Weseler Straße .
From here , traffic is directed only by one lane over the motorway bridge .
The second track had to be dismantled just over three @-@ quarters of a year ago .
The reason : static calculations had shown that the bridge no longer has the necessary load @-@ bearing capacity to accommodate heavy goods traffic in particular by two lanes .
The competent national company cannot say how long this bottleneck and the congestion it will cause on a daily basis will last .
However , years are to be expected : the bridge has an official remaining useful life until 2034 .
For the extension of the right @-@ bending course , the state @-@ run company has deliberately chosen the less congested time during school holidays because of disabilities .
The traffic will pass the construction site in a single lane on Tuesday and Wednesday .
Intercultural Travel : Cultural offers for schools
The international class of the Forest School attended the play &quot; The Invisible House . &quot;
The association Nima &apos;s and the Young Theatre are now planning a music project .
The association Nima &apos;s enables young people from a migrant and refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster .
The &quot; Klasse International &quot; of the Waldschule Kinderhaus attended a presentation of the award @-@ winning play &quot; Das unsichtbare Haus &quot; by Young Theater Münster .
In the context of the &quot; Intercultural Journey &quot; initiated by the association Nima &apos;s , 19 students aged between 11 and 15 attended the staging in the Small House .
Since the beginning of the year , the association , which is committed to the cultural integration of young people from a migrant and refugee background , has been offering schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster as part of this project .
Most of the class &apos;s young people came to Münster from , among others , Afghanistan , Iran , Serbia , and Syria between September 2015 and March 2016 , and speak little German .
According to the press release of the Jungen Theater Münster , thanks to the choreographies , the scenic pictures and the video animations , they were nevertheless able to follow the plot .
The association Nima &apos;s , founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel , and the Young Theatre will work together as part of a music theatre project in the coming season .
From October to December , young people aged between 14 and 20 will have the opportunity to attend professionally trained courses in singing , dance , drama and music , both with and without a refugee or immigrant background .
Offers for children and families in the field of theatre play and theatrical language teaching are in the planning stage .
The &quot; Intercultural Travel &quot; project continues .
In view of the increase in the number of refugees , the association expects many classes to participate .
Rain , not Star Snippets : Hope for Weather Repair
Die Wetter hat den Sternschnuppe @-@ Guckern im Südwesten Deutschlands im Nacht zum Freitag durch die Rechnung gemacht - aber es gibt noch Hoffnung .
On Friday morning , Hans @-@ Ulrich Keller , Chairman of the Welzheim Observatory , said that the night had been ill @-@ suited to observe the sky spectacle due to clouds and rain .
Our hope is on the night to Saturday .
The weather is supposed to be good , then we will surely see a lot of stars in the sky .
The star scales are pergolas that , at 216,000 kilometers per hour , are among the fastest star scales .
They take their name because they seem to come from the constellation of Perseus , which rises in the northeast .
Relaxing Night : Tips Against Sleep Disorder
In the evening you go around eternally , awake for hours at night , in the morning you can &apos;t think of sleep any more , long before the alarm bell rings .
This is far from relaxing .
After all , such problems are in good company : according to the Robert Koch Institute , about a quarter of adults have sleep disorders , and more than 10 % often or permanently feel that their sleep is not recovering .
How do sleep problems or sleep disorders express themselves ?
According to Hans @-@ Günter Weeß , member of the Executive Board of the German Society for Sleep Restoration and Sleep Medicine , there are several forms of sleep disturbances and they may be based on many different causes .
However , what is commonly understood by this term is insulin , that is , a disturbance of sleep and sleep .
According to Jens Wagenknecht , member of the board of directors of the German Family Medical Association with practice in Varel in Lower Saxony , sleeping is regarded by many as unsatisfactory or inadequate .
What is behind sleep disorders ?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex .
Behind this , there may be organic , psychological or behavioural factors , but also medication .
Often sleep disorders are the expression of another disorder .
&quot; Wake up very early is common , especially in a depression , &quot; says Weeß .
And it may be that different factors are interdependent .
For example , if you have an intervertebral disc accident , you can lie down badly , wake up every two to three hours , and perhaps begin to ponder everyday problems and worries , Weeß gives an example .
This causes tension , and sleep is no longer possible .
When should I go to the doctor with sleep disorders ?
Those who don &apos;t sleep well for at least three nights a week over a period of one month and are impaired during the day should go to the doctor , guesses Weeß .
The impairment can be quite different : you are knocked off , tired , sleepless , have difficulty with your attention and concentration , are easily irritable , have mood swings or have physical complaints such as stomach or headache .
To alleviate the sleep disturbance , it is important to find out its causes .
Changes in behaviour , cognitive behavioural therapy or medicines - classical sleeping pills are only possible in exceptional cases and for a maximum of two weeks - are among the treatment options .
According to Prof. Ingo Fietze , head of the interdisciplinary sleep medicine centre of the Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin , there are hardly any established sleep doctors in Germany .
In case of sleep problems , consult your family doctor first , Weeß advises .
He can use examinations to determine whether the problems have a physical cause .
Who should go to the dormitory , and what happens there ?
For the examination in the sleep laboratory , physicians recommend , for example , snoring with respirators , pathological fatigue , sleepers , or failure to find the cause of a sleep disturbance , explains Fietze .
There is really no need to prepare for the investigation .
The day should be spent normally .
&quot; Just don &apos;t take a nap , &quot; says Fietze .
After cabling , you go to bed at your normal time .
In addition to the electrodes on the body , you wear nose glasses , a chest strap and a sensing device on your finger .
A camera also records the sleeping person on the ceiling .
How can those affected get a grip on the problems ?
There are quite a few adjustment screws on which you can attach for a better sleep .
What counts is that regular periods of sleep and getting up , not lying in bed too long , not sleeping during the day , not watching television to fall asleep , avoiding alcohol and not looking at the clock at night - because then you start counting straight away , which is not at all helpful .
What the jungle camp has to offer with missing medals in swimming
The former German swimmer Markus Deibler has commented on the disappointing performance of the DSV team at Olympis via Facebook .
In December 2014 , he had won gold for the first time at the World Cup in Doha , while setting his first world record .
Now , former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has protected himself from his former team mates via Facebook .
&quot; In a country where an Olympic champion gets a € 20,000 reward and a jungle king gets € 150,000 , no one should be surprised about missing medals , &quot; the 26 @-@ year @-@ old wrote on his Facebook page on Friday night .
The promotion system in swimming sport is poor , while doping controls are very good .
We cannot compete with countries that give a great deal of aid and do not look very closely at , or even practise , doping .
&quot; I am not saying that controls should be stopped here , &quot; he went on to explain .
If he wanted to start a comeback , Deibler would have to be reported nine months before his first start to the National Anti @-@ Doping Agency Germany ( NADA ) .
It should be the same with countries .
&quot; Anyone who cannot be checked by independent WADA / FINA inspectors a certain period of time before the World Cup / OS is not allowed to take part , &quot; demands the election hamburger , who meanwhile runs an ice cream parlour .
Airport : gang of baggage thieves arrested
Professional Rogues at Düsseldorf Airport
Civic investigators from the Düsseldorf police arrested two women and two men aged between 50 and 61 on Thursday .
As a gang , the suspects had committed a number of bag and baggage theft .
At around 9.30 p.m. , civilian officials re @-@ identified a gang known to police from past theft offences in the Düsseldorf airport area .
The two women and two men had committed a number of offences since mid @-@ July of this year and had acted in a joint , division of labour and particularly professional manner .
Specialists in Commissioner 34 can prove four acts to the thieves who had entered Germany specifically to commit crimes .
They had captured a total of more than 15,000 euros .
Old buildings , a few linden trees , a few more cobblestones in between : Rigaer Strasse in Berlin @-@ Friedrichshain doesn &apos;t look that way at first glance , but the police rank it among the &quot; dangerous places &quot; of the city .
Walking along the road from east to west , you will pass by playgrounds , a newly painted kindergarten and a organic shop .
Someone has sprayed &quot; ugly ! &quot; on the facade of a grey house .
Opposite a lidl , which is soon to be demolished , a house with high windows and 133 new rental apartments is already being built .
In the last few weeks , however , articles about this &quot; trendy district , &quot; as the responsible real estate company Friedrichshain calls it , have been featured primarily with burning cars .
The reason for this is the number 94 : Once it was occupied , now the residents have lease contracts , but on the ground floor there are still rooms occupied and are used for events .
In particular , the Berlin interior senator Henkel had , on several occasions since the beginning of the year , called for a tough police approach to the project , calling the area a &quot; no go zone &quot; for policemen and 94 a starting point for autonomous violence .
After clearing the ground floor premises , the carcass smiths , with 300 police officers on 22 June , the police patrolled , for three weeks , according to official reports , with between 30 and 40 officials and three team cars on the ground , closed off parts of the street and stopped visitors from entering the house at number 94 .
Meanwhile , construction workers renovated the rooms on behalf of unknown house owners .
On 13 July , a Berlin administrative court ruled that the eviction had been illegal , and the day after , the police and construction workers withdrew , cheering from sympathisers and residents .
This summer afternoon the street is peaceful : parents are walking with children , people are sitting in the sun on the sidewalk in front of the houses , others are talking before late .
A primary school and nursery schools are located in the immediate vicinity of the house projects .
Left @-@ wing violence is not the main concern of many residents : Kerstin Neugebauer , who has lived in the neighbourhood since 1999 , and Jana * , who is bringing up three children here , are particularly annoyed by the police presence .
Together with the inhabitants of the house projects , they share the concern about rising rents and gentrification .
It does not sound like a Kiev which , for the most part , wanted police protection from vandalising left @-@ wingers .
The gap that the Berlin Interior Senator and the police are opening between squatters and their neighbours obviously does not exist like this .
Friedrichshain in East Berlin was actually a traditional working @-@ class district , which still has a low average income and a high risk of poverty compared to the rest of the city .
Even squatting and the resulting residential projects have long been part of Kiev : in 1990 , numerous houses in the former GDR were occupied , including almost the entire Mainzer Strasse near the Rigaer .
While the Mainz population had been evicted in a veritable street battle with large numbers of police , many of the projects in the Rigaer were legalised and are still inhabited today by the people they occupied 26 years ago .
At the same time , the district has increasingly become a magnet for tourists and election @-@ makers from all over the world : residents of GDR times and former squatters are now sharing their neighbourhood .
This is also noticeable in the rents , which have risen by almost 60 percent since 2009 for new rents .
Many of the new buildings in the Rigaer are under attack as symbols of this development : they can be recognised by discarded windows or freshly painted facades , which have been covered with paint bags .
No other street has been mentioned so often this year , along with the words &apos; left @-@ wing autonomous violence &apos; .
One reason that not all neighbours see this as a problem may be that they are not necessarily affected by crime : crimes such as bodily injury , according to statistics , are directed almost exclusively at police officers .
The largest proportion of crimes is property damage , which tends to affect new buildings and newly renovated houses more .
For Kerstin Neugebauer , who has lived for 17 years in a rented house next to the controversial 94 , there can be no question of insecurity .
As far as acts of violence are concerned , it is reassuring : the people of 94 are their neighbours , and they certainly were not .
The famous burning cars have also not existed in the Rigaer for a long time .
For the architect studied , her street is not a criminal focal point , on the contrary : &quot; Here you help each other , live together on the street and get more from each other than anywhere else . &quot;
Neugebauer has deliberately moved into the Rigaer Straße - and has remained so .
That is why it was so important to her that the residents get back their streets : from the police , politics and the media , all of whom suddenly claimed sovereignty over the district in July .
In the eyes of both residents and newcomers , however , the road continues to be taken away from them : through faceless new buildings in former building gaps that are displacing the old inhabitants .
&quot; These are , after all , condominiums that are not of interest to many people here - rather people who are not so well @-@ heeled live here , &quot; she says .
&apos;I absolutely cannot condone violence and destruction . &apos;
But what should you do if you never hear someone ?
There is frustration on all sides , including the police and the residents .
Kerstin Neugebauer has little sympathy for those drawn in who resent colour bombs : the house projects and the left @-@ wing scene were part of the Kiez .
Anyone who goes there should be aware of this - just as someone who goes to a pub district can complain badly about noise there .
All persons presented with first names only have asked not to be named with their real names .
Urbach : Annika Deuschle is the new refugee representative
Annika Deuschle is the contact person regarding integration and organizer .
She is also a local social worker .
Since July , Annika Deuschle has been the refugee representative for Urbach .
The social education teacher supports the administration team around Achim Grockenberger .
She sees herself as the point of contact for all the actors : refugees , the working group on aid for refugees , the administration , the authorities and anyone else involved .
Regine Kunde vom Arbeitskreis hints that the volunteers are more than thankful that Deuschle is now here , the icy Wollmilchsau , which has a problem above all .
For example , some people meant - not so much mocking , but aimed at the multitude of tasks that they wanted - when the administration wanted to put the post out to tender .
There was a need for an administrator with a talent for languages and people , combined with many years of experience in the social work sector , to create an egg @-@ laying wool dairy .
But administrative work is not their central area , says Annika Deuschle .
Above all , it is about organisation , working with people on the ground and also behind the scenes , and networking .
The 31 @-@ year @-@ old has been with us for about six weeks .
It has a 50 % post limited to three years .
&quot; It was high time , &quot; says Regine Kunde , that Annika Deuschle supports honest and full @-@ time actors .
There are big and small problems , organisational , human and communication problems .
New containers will soon be added to Wasenstraße .
For some time now , it has been a serious problem to find housing for the resettled refugees who have been recognised .
The local authorities are responsible for the provision of connecting accommodation .
They must house the refugees in their own or rented housing .
The costs of the construction , rent or renovation of these accommodation units must be borne by the local authorities themselves .
Responsibility changes from County Council office to local authority and job centre .
Problem : There are available properties , but not every landlord wants to offer their apartment .
The search has been very difficult for some time .
The de facto administration cannot find private homes .
According to Deuschle , it has not worked so far , relying on private apartments .
That is why we need to create communal housing , as they say .
So new containers will soon be placed in the Wasenstraße .
But housing is not enough .
Perspective is the key word , Regine Kunde and Annika Deuschle agree .
In addition to permanent residence , these are internships , training places , school places , one @-@ euro jobs and temporary jobs for refugees and migrants that need to be thought up or set up .
&quot; More places would be good , &quot; reports Regine Kunde .
Many work at the construction farm or help caretakers , do charitable work - and this is motivated and very well done , as Annika Deuschle reports .
It hopes that the work for the community will lead to a positive external impact .
That is &quot; not an employment therapy . &quot;
But work does not just mean work .
The day needs a fixed structure , say Deuschle and customer .
People would have to develop a sense of belonging .
So there is a need for activities such as sports , contacts with locals and , above all , language courses .
Professional courses are rare .
So the administration and voluntary workers are stepping in here too .
It is vital that the refugees get the feeling that they are wanted and welcome in Germany .
The long duration of the proceedings is a problem .
They must explain to the refugees that it is taking time and that they can usefully bridge the time gap , for example with language courses .
Anyone who at some point has the feeling that they cannot help anyone in Urbach is not allowed to work and is useless will never integrate .
The clear majority is motivated .
But there are also problems , says customer honestly , &quot; people with whom nothing is possible . &quot; The work of Deuschle and customer is therefore always to motivate others .
All this is a mammoth task in itself .
One difficult question : are they afraid of radicalization , even in a small community like Urbach , following recent events ?
&quot; No , &quot; Regine Kunde clearly says , &quot; which some may call naive . &quot; But she cannot and will not rule out a residual risk .
However , the helpers are already aware of this .
These incidents are also an issue for the refugees .
They would fear that the perpetrators of the attacks would bring them completely into discredit .
&quot; They want to show that they have nothing to do with it , &quot; says Regine Kunde .
Many would like to stay in Urbach .
So primary and voluntary workers must look for activities on the ground and in the region .
They always keep in mind that a new shock to refugees and migrants could soon arrive in Urbach .
Does Germany need a cap ?
Politicians are afraid to answer this question clearly .
It is actually unfair to put them on the ground .
&quot; We have not yet arrived in Urbach where we would like to go , &quot; says Annika Deuschle .
No new refugees , that would ease the situation .
Regine Kunde also makes it clear that the Urbacher people are already busy integrating the existing people in a sensible way .
That currently amounts to around 100 people , mostly young men .
But when people are in need , they must be helped , both women agree .
The political situation in the world is so complicated , there are no easy answers .
Chimney Village : Helicopter Intruders Wanted
The police helicopter took off from various areas for about an hour , without success .
At about 8.50 a.m. on Friday morning , two unknown men violently entered an apartment in a multi @-@ family house in the Lindenweg .
The resident surprised the two and beat the dodgy into flight .
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters tall , probably masked , wearing both bluejeans and black hooded pulses .
They fled towards the city centre .
The police used several strip crews as well as a police helicopter to investigate .
The investigation went without success .
The strangers may have been noticed during their flight from the apartment or close to it .
Baden @-@ Württemberg : Police investigate after the rocker attack on snack
After an attack on an Ulm snack , the police are investigating six Rockermilieu suspects for a serious breach of the country peace .
On Friday , the police reported that evidence and drugs had been seized during house searches .
According to the police , around 20 masked men from a rocker @-@ like group had thrown bottles and stones against the shop window of a snack in July .
They then allegedly attacked two guests and slightly injured one .
After that , they fled .
Damage to the snack bar and the adjacent building amounted to EUR 10 000 .
According to the investigators , this is a dispute in the Ulm Rockermilieu between a Kurdish gang and a Turkish gang .
Thuringia : Zeiss Meditec Getting closer to Sales Billion
A high demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted Carl Zeiss Meditec &apos;s sales .
In the first nine months of the fiscal year , which began in October , Group revenues increased by 6.7 percent to EUR 798.6 million , as reported by the publicly traded company in Jena on Friday .
The Asian business grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent .
Profits before interest and taxes increased from EUR 89.5 million to EUR 110.5 million according to the interim balance sheet .
The Board of Management confirmed that the Jenaer Medical Technology Group intends to exceed the sales mark of one billion euros this fiscal year .
Zeiss Meditec produces equipment and equipment for medical practices and clinics .
The company , which is part of the optical and electronics group Carl Zeiss ( Oberkochen ) , employs nearly 3,000 people .
